

Frank,

fyi - EOL reports
---------------------- Forwarded by Scott Neal/HOU/ECT on 01/18/2001 06:27 PM 
---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		
















Notes for this Week's Report:

*  North American Gas has further decreased its overall average daily EOL 
deal count to about 2,307 trades a day since November.  This is about 800 
trades a day less than the November average, but still steady growth from 
October and prior months.  The overall average daily Non-EOL deal count has 
remained very steady from about 465 to 544 trades a day since November 1999.

*  US Power has come back further and increased its average daily EOL Deal 
Count by about 70% since December, from 181 to 306 deals per day.  In 
addition, the average daily Non-EOL Deal Count has now decreased by about 2% 
since December, from 373 to 365 deals per day.  The average daily EOL volumes 
have remained steady.

*  Northeast Power has dramatically increased its average daily EOL Deal 
Count by about 115% since December, from 59 to 126 deals per day.  In 
addition, the average daily Non-EOL Deal Count has now decreased by about 23% 
since December, from 113 to 87 deals per day.  The average daily EOL volumes 
have remained steady.

*  UK Gas and Continental Gas have increased their overall average daily EOL 
deal count by over 50% since December.  The average daily EOL volumes have 
increased similarly as well.

*  Austrian Power has increased its overall average daily EOL deal count by 
over 5 times since December.  They had been averaging only about one to two 
trades a day since inception in April 2000.  In January 2001, their average 
is now over 5 trades per day. 

---------------
The following files contain a graphical view of the average deal count and 
volumes per month by Commodity for EOL and OTC transactions since the launch 
of EnronOnline. This information is for comparative analysis only.  Do not 
update links when opening these files.  


AVERAGE DEAL COUNTS FOR COMMODITIES (excluding Global Products, which 
displays monthly totals)




If you have any questions regarding this breakout, please contact one of the 
following:

Torrey Moorer x3-6218
Matt Motsinger x3-5221
Pete Berzins x5-7597


Pete
EnronOnline


