

Ther are no such claims or liabilities.



	Karen E Jones
	12/13/2000 11:19 AM
		 
		 		 		 

	


Hi Richard.  We are close to finalizing a sale of our Pastoria project in 
California to Calpine.  I've got you listed as a "knowledge" party of ENA for 
purposes of making a rep regarding litigation.  Could you please take a look 
at Section 4.1(i) of the attached draft, and let me know if there are any 
actions required to be scheduled for the rep to be accurate.  At this point, 
my proposed Schedule 4.1(i) says "none", and, hopefully, that statement is 
still accurate.  We're on a timetable that requires me to ask for your 
response by the end of theday tomorrow (Thursday).  Thanks. --  kj
---------------------- Forwarded by Karen E Jones/HOU/ECT on 12/13/2000 09:00 
AM ---------------------------
   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
	04:38 PM
	





Attached is a clean and marked draft of the revised Purchase and  Sale 
Agreement incorporating the changes we discussed last night.  The draft is 
still under review by ENA and subject to change.

Also attached is a first draft of the Transition Services Agreement.







This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is confidential 
and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other privileges.  This 
e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public information intended to 
be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If you are not an intended 
recipient, please delete this e-mail, including attachments, and notify me by 
return mail, e-mail or at 303-291-2600.  The unauthorized use, dissemination, 
distribution or reproduction of this e-mail, including attachments, is 
prohibited and may be unlawful.

Natalie Cole
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae
633 Seventeenth Street, Ste. 2000
Denver, CO  80202
(303) 291-2659


 - #DN158104 (Purchase and Sale Agreement-Pastoria).DOC
 - #DN158104 vRED (Purchase and Sale Agreement-Pastoria).doc
 - #SF146513 (Transition Services Agreement).DOC


