

I'll work on the jaunt and will do on the limeade's....talk to you tomorrow.

 

hey- am getting ready for the austria trip- very jazzed!  not about the 4 am
wake-up call, though.....kates and kelley got here yesterday, then left
again this morn. for stockholm.  they'll be back thurs night, me, the next
night.  am excited about you (and lisa, i guess...) getting here next week.
should be fun.  haven't given up on the chance for a jaunt off, but will
have to be last min, and have to keep cking at ryanair and
www.webweekends.com for updates as they come....if you get a chance at work,
try to do some browsing....also, some annoying requests- katy forgot all the
minutemade frozen limeade she'd promised to bring for our Eagles marg party,
and the jerky from dad - suspiciously, she remembered my pocket-sized
neosporin tube......but anyways, it would be FABULOUS if you and lisa could
each cart over 3-4 tubes of the limeade wrapped in plastic
(carry-on....obviously could be ugly in non-pressurized cabin in suitcase!)
doesn't matter if thaws, but will need approx 7-10 tubes for the
festivities, plus, dad has that great turkey jerky from NB to send
along....he said he'd get it to sally, then to you somehow.  only if it's
convenient....but the limeaide would be a lifesaver!  tell lisa it's her
"rent"  for a last-min invite w/o ever asking.....any thoughts about shows
or activities you want to see?  know all the tourist stuff has been done, so
any partic. shows?  restaurants?  let me know...as i said, have been cking
on ryanair updates, but still no grt deals- must wait til newest deals come
out, so since i won't have computer in austia, must put you in charge of
cking....clearly, lisa will be of no help in this dept, so we must take this
into our own hands.....we'll see.....ok- am off.  will try to call when i
get bk to london fri- hope memorial day was fab....
e
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com