

I think this is a good idea.  We may want to think about CNBC as well.
Brandon -- any technical obstacles?
Margaret/Cindy -- how does the link work?  does it go straight to the clip or 
do users have to navigate within CNN's site?
---------------------- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/HOU/EES on 08/01/2000 07:42 
AM ---------------------------



07/31/2000 04:58 PM

Steve,

I spoke with Margaret and she mentioned she also takes the same route as I've 
started, to obtain the electronic link for CNN stories/profiles of Enron.  
Although, the contract looks like it only allows us Intranet use and not 
Internet use as well.  This premise was confirmed by Margaret too, because 
she recalls paying $2,000.00 for a Intranet/Internet video link, and only 
$500.00 for a Intranet link.  My unsolicited recommendation would be to 
purchase the external link as well as the internal link.  I believe we would 
get a lot of mileage out of posting this link on our website - with 
downloadable supporting software - to allow users to view the video.  From a 
PR perspective, I would refer 90% of incoming inquiries to our site, as well 
as sending them general company info.  Also, it would unequivocally 
illustrate and promote why Enron's has been voted 'Most Innovative Company' 
for five consecutive years in a row.

Now...enough of my blabber and to the point...I am still waiting to hear back 
from CNN to assess exact pricing for both types of links.  I've placed two 
follow-up calls but have not yet heard anything.  If you have any questions, 
please do not hesitate to inquire with me.

Regards,

Cindy
