

Chris -

Looks OK to me.



	Chris Walker
	04/11/2001 01:49 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Mark,

Pete Keavey has requested a new internal only product for EnronOnline.  The 
only difference from the current NYMEX products will be that it is internal 
only.  Please see the current description:

US Gas Swap ENA  Nymex                   May01           USD/MM

A financial Swap Transaction with Enron North America Corp., under which the 
Seller pays a Floating Price and the Buyer pays the price submitted by 
Counterparty on the Website (the Fixed Price) in each case in respect of the 
Notional Quantity per Determination Period.  Each calendar month during the 
term of the Transaction will be a Determination Period. The Notional Quantity 
per Determination Period is the volume submitted multiplied by the number 
days in the relevant Determination Period.  The Payment Date(s) will be 5 
business days after the Floating Price is determinable. The Floating Price 
shall be the average of the Index for each day in the relevant Determination 
Period.
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date to the 
Termination Date. The Effective Date is 01 May 2001. The Termination Date is 
31 May 2001.
The Index shall be the settlement price for the last scheduled Trading Day of 
the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for the applicable 
Determination Period.
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of 
British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of BTUs per 
day.

Thanks,

CW
3-7533


