

---------------------- Forwarded by Dana Davis/HOU/ECT on 12/06/2000 09:51 AM 
---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


Here is the new policy.
Ben
---------------------- Forwarded by Ben Gwaltney/NA/Enron on 12/06/2000 09:14 
AM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		





---------------------- Forwarded by Larry Dallman/GPGFIN/Enron on 11/07/2000 
11:24 AM ---------------------------

Richard Causey

11/07/2000 09:18 AM
Sent by: Sharron Westbrook
















As mentioned in my previous memo regarding Cash Control Standards, approval 
authorizations are critical to our cash control environment.  Corporate 
Accounts Payable is actively pursuing a "Workflow" system to route invoice 
images for approval and processing.  This workflow solution will not be 
implemented until early 2001.  In the interim, an approval process will be 
implemented by AP and Treasury to ensure invoices have proper approvals and 
correct general ledger coding.  Effective Monday, November 20 the following 
approval authorizations will be required for all invoices, payment requests 
and wire transfer requests that are $1,000,000 or greater:

(A)  Those NOT approved by an underlying contract or RAC require two 
approvals:  a Managing Director approval of the payment, and an Accounting 
Director approval of the general ledger coding.  

(B)  Those that ARE approved by an underlying contract or RAC require an 
Accounting Director approval of the payment  and general ledger coding.

In both examples above, supporting documentation must be attached.  If not 
attached, then the payment will not be processed.

To assist us with implementing this approval process, I'm requesting each of 
you to accumulate signatures of the Managing Directors and Accounting 
Directors in your business unit using the attached form.  Please forward this 
information to Larry Dallman (JFR568) by Friday, November 10th.

This new process becomes effective Monday, November 20th.  It important to 
provide this information or payments greater than $1,000,000 will not be 
processed.






