

Rita, 

I think that we have the pricing worked out now with the suppiers.  There 
were some ammendments to the contract, reducing the demand charges, that we 
did not have.  I don't have any contacts at Lone Star related to 
allocations.  Mark's scheduling contacts may help.  Stacey has a trading 
contact with the pipeline.  When she returns tomorrow, I will have her give 
you a call.  The beginning imbalance on Lone Star was around 180,000 owed to 
Lone Star when we took on the management services in October.  Mark should be 
able to get you an exact number if you need it.

D


   
	
	
		


Daren,

We are working with Mark McCoy on getting some things repathed in the 
system.  It appears that we have not been actualizing the receipts in Unify 
just the deliveries -not sure why????.  We have been paying the suppliers 
based on whatever they invoice us for, which typically has been a smaller 
number than what we have in Unify.  Also, we have not been able to get a 
contact for the allocation statement.  In some cases, we get the summary 
sheet, but no detail and some months we don't get anything at all.  Do you 
know of a good contact that we can call so that we receive the allocation on 
a timely and consistent basis?  The contacts on the allocation statements 
that we do have are not returning phone calls.  I also need to know what was 
the beginning balance when we took this on for Tenaska?   Anything else that 
we need from you, I will call you.

Thanks,
RW



Daren J Farmer
03/05/2001 10:26 AM

Rita, 

Since I was out of the office most of the week, I missed reading this 
e-mail.  I am open any afternoon this week except for Friday (all day) and 
Bob's staff meeting tomorrow (if we have it).  Let me know when you want to 
meet.

D
---------------------- Forwarded by Daren J Farmer/HOU/ECT on 03/05/2001 
10:27 AM ---------------------------



02/27/2001 04:21 PM



Please see the following reschedule meeting:

Time: 9-10 AM
Place: EB3268

Thanks,
Mary x35999
---------------------- Forwarded by Mary Comello/Corp/Enron on 02/27/2001 
04:17 PM ---------------------------


Mary Comello
02/27/2001 11:02 AM



The above meeting has been cancelled for today and will advise you of the 
reschedule.

Thanks,
Mary x35999
---------------------- Forwarded by Mary Comello/Corp/Enron on 02/27/2001 
10:59 AM ---------------------------


Mary Comello
02/22/2001 02:59 PM



Per the request of Rita Wynne, Please plan to attend the following meeting:

Topic: Tenaska IV -Cleburne Plant
Time: 1-2 PM
Place: EB37c1

Thanks,
Mary Comello x35999










