

this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of 
discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some 
concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed 
to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets 
with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but 
there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an 
investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland 
responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units 
represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the 
investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way 
to satisfying all constituents.






I Shouldn't Kevin report into the OTC for wholesale as we discussed?  Mark 
 


---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT on 06/04/2001 12:19 
PM ---------------------------

This has been reviewed by HR and Gene Humphrey.  Please respond with any 
comments.  It is intended to go out on Tuesday at noon.  I will have the 
reorg group meeting Tuesday morning.

KG



Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit

To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Wholesale Restructuring Group will also become part of Enron Principal 
Investments.  The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work 
with the all the business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage 
equity investments, which leverage the Enron's unique and proprietary 
knowledge.   These investments may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, 
traditional private equity and distressed debt positions.   

Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director of Enron Principal Investments, 
overseeing all of its activities.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Richard 
Lydecker, and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form this new 
investments unit.

This new investment unit will report to Greg Whalley, in his capacity as an 
Enron Policy Committee member.  Please join me in congratulating and 
supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Richard and the other members of this group 
in this effort.

Jeff Skilling



