

Hi,

Got your voice mail, and it reminded me to sent this out.  I don't know what 
is up with Jeff, so why wait to send this?

Next comes Finance/M&A (Lance and Travis).

I'm having lunch with Dan today - want to join us?  We are going to Fox Diner.

Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 11/20/2000 10:28 
AM ---------------------------


Kay Mann
11/20/2000 10:27 AM


I wanted to pass along the resume of Carlos Sole. Carlos and I worked 
together extensively at EECC.  The "reorganization" of EECC has him moving to 
EES, but he would prefer to work here.  He recently met with V. Sharp, and 
she understands that he wants to explore opportunities at EWS (I'm learning 
the new nomenclature).  John Schwartzenburg understands this as well.

I can recommend Carlos as a solid, intelligent, hard working lawyer. He's a 
great guy and I believe he would fit in well here.

Thanks,

Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 11/20/2000 10:17 
AM ---------------------------


Kay, as we've discussed before, I'm interested in pursuing the opportunities 
available in the ENA legal group.  As you know, my experience at EECC in 
addition to focusing on traditional EPC contracts and joint venture 
agreements, has also included cross-border financing agreements and merger 
and acquisition activity.  Before coming to Enron as you recall, I worked 
with a New york based firm here in Houston where I focused mostly on 
transactions in Mexico since we represented Pemex on their transactions 
involving long and short term oil supply agreements and CFE (Mexico's 
electricity commission) on its public bids for EPC and IPP projects.  Lastly, 
I started my legal career in 1994 at Patton Boggs in DC where I focused on 
general domestic corporate transactions such as establishing new business 
entities (ie, joint venture work, partnerships etc.), m & a work, and 
securities offerings.  Thanks for your help.




