

You're on.  He's getting to be such a good age for theater.

ckm







   I would love to.  He is going to flip over it!


Cc: Mann Neil (E-mail)



My guess would be the week of the 4th of July, then again sometime in
August.  I agree that he really should see it.  If you want to take him,
that's great, or we will be glad to take him.

Kay









           I keep forgetting to discuss this with you.  The Lion King will
be
here for the entire month of July, and Michael MUST see it.  I don't care
whether you two take him or me, but it's an absolute.  This will be my
third
time to see it.  The tickets go on sale around June 1.  Do you know yet
when
you will be on vacation?
          ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
and delete this email from your system.  Thank You




          ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
and delete this email from your system.  Thank You


