

Wonder how much worse it would have been if we had started with a doc that 
you and I liked.









whoopee!




Your change is fine.  Please send a clean and blackline of the final.

Thanks.


Cc: C. Kay Mann (E-mail)


Let me know if this is acceptable

 <<Redlined Exclusivity Agreement_.doc>> 



                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
all copies of the message.


"paulhastings.com" made the following annotations on 03/25/01 18:23:58

--
NEW E-MAIL ADDRESSES AT PAUL, HASTINGS, JANOFSKY & WALKER LLP

We have changed our e-mail address.  Our new domain name is
paulhastings.com.  In most cases, our address is composed of conventional




============================================================================
==
"The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all
computers." 

============================================================================
==




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.




