

What position should I take?
----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 05/16/2001 08:34 AM -----


	05/15/2001 11:42 PM
		 











		 		 ratepayers committee



Howard Weg has asked that I poll the committee members because several 
members of the committee have advised that they believe we should take a 
position supporting PG&E's motion to vacate the UST's appointment of a 
Ratepayers' committee in the PG&E bankruptcy case.  The idea is to file a 
brief joinder stating that the Participants' Committee in the CalPX case, 
representing constituents which are the real parties in interest of over $1.9 
billion in claims against PG&E, as scheduled by PG&E in its list of 20 
largest creditors, supports the motion and the joinder filed by the PG&E 
creditors' committee.  Our joinder would state that there is no statutory 
basis for appointing a ratepayers' committee and that it is not in the best 
interest of the estate.  We might also indicate that we agree with PGE and 
the PGE creditors' committee that there are other means for ratepayers to be 
heard which make more sense than giving them official committee status.  We 
would also appear telephonically at the hearing, this Friday, at 10 a.m.

Please let me know as soon as possible if you would like a conference call on 
this issue.  Also, please let me know as soon as possible if you object to 
the committee taking this position.

Thank you.

Jeffrey A. Krieger
(310) 785-6869

www.ggfcmk.com



**************************
* Confidentiality Notice *
**************************

This message is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and is 
intended to be privileged and confidential within the attorney client 
privilege.  If you have received this message in error, please immediately 
notify the sender and delete all copies of this email message along with all 
attachments.  Thank you.
