

Sounds like your most effective weapon is your coach.  
















<<Apparently after the Hawks defeatedUCONN the Iowa team went to the ESPN
               Sportszone(Restaraunt/Bar). There is a
               regulation half court basketball court at the ZONE. Alford was
shooting 3's
               and made 2 out of 4 with his sportscoat on. Some of the New
Yorkers started
               ribbibg Alford saying he has lost it and that he couldn't fill
it up any
               longer. Alford gave these fans the "look",took his coat off
and proceeded to
               drain 17 3's in a row(Sports Zone record). Being that it was a
record Alford
               had a chance to put his name up on the Hall of Fame board.
They asked Alford
               what name to put up and he responded "The Hawkeyes are in the
house."
</XMP>>>




Received: from  rly-yc03.mx.aol.com (rly-yc03.mail.aol.com [172.18.149.35]) 
by air-yc03.mail.aol.com (vx) with ESMTP; Fri, 10 Dec 1999 13:52:14 -0500
Received: from  mail.washington.k12.ia.us (mail.washington.k12.ia.us 
[205.221.150.11]) by rly-yc03.mx.aol.com (v66.4) with ESMTP; Fri, 10 Dec 1999 
13:51:56 -0500
Received: from GW_WCSD-Message_Server by mail.washington.k12.ia.us with 
Novell_GroupWise; Fri, 10 Dec 1999 12:52:31 -0600






Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Content-Disposition: inline


Apparently after the Hawks defeatedUCONN the Iowa team went to the ESPN
               Sportszone(Restaraunt/Bar). There is a
               regulation half court basketball court at the ZONE. Alford was 
shooting 3's
               and made 2 out of 4 with his sportscoat on. Some of the New 
Yorkers started
               ribbibg Alford saying he has lost it and that he couldn't fill 
it up any
               longer. Alford gave these fans the "look",took his coat off 
and proceeded to
               drain 17 3's in a row(Sports Zone record). Being that it was a 
record Alford
               had a chance to put his name up on the Hall of Fame board. 
They asked Alford
               what name to put up and he responded "The Hawkeyes are in the 
house."


