

Twanda, would you please print this and attachment?  THX----- Forwarded by 
Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 05/18/2000 09:07 AM -----


	04/06/2000 07:39 PM
		


		 
Felecia, thanks so much for the listing of companies whose employees are paid 
directly by Enron which includes legal name, % ownership, employee count, 
etc.  Great work and excellent due diligence.  As we discussed, you are in 
the process of researching and documenting the same information for the 
non-payroll companies which of course is critical for completing our due 
diligence with respect to the new AESOP.

In order to get this information for determining AESOP participation, and as 
we dscussed today, we are asking the HR leadership team to work with their 
business units to provide us with all non-payroll company names (to provide 
legal name, if different), % ownership, whether or not the company is part of 
Enron's consolidated reporting group (if not, why) and number of employees.  
They will also give us a "yes" or "no" at this time as to whether their 
Business Unit Head wishes for the company to participate in AESOP.  We are 
asking them to forward this file to you, as we discussed, to assist you with 
data collection.  We would ask that you coordinate the necessary Legal review 
of ownership levels with Michelle Cash.  We will facilitate with Johnna Young 
a review of whether we will have any accounting issues with granting options 
to employees of each respective company.    We have a tight turnaround, of 
course, as outlined in today's meeting, but hopefully we have good game plan 
to get us to where we need to be.  

Note to Johnna:  Johnna, attached please see Felicia's file on domestic for 
your initial review.

Thanks again, Felecia, for your help.

Pam





Felecia Acevedo
04/05/2000 10:59 AM

Pam,

Here is the file 




