

Mike,
Thanks for the response.  Yes, I would like a complete review of your 
initiatives.  Please call Cathy at 36898 and get on my calendar for a 1 hour 
update.

Thanks,
mike



Mike,
In addition to our e-commerce activity (energy.enron.com), my team has a 
number of "e-business" initiatives either under development or 
consideration.  These initiatives relate to using internet technologies to 
improve customer satisfaction, improve productivity, shorten the sales cycle, 
etc, not directly to transacting per se.  For example, we are creating a 
customer portal that will allow our existing customers to get access to a 
variety of information--such as billing, energy usage, project status, 
general news, etc.--all through a single browser view that can be customized 
to present only the information that the customer's interested in.  Another 
application we're exploring would use internet technology to streamline the 
deal process through on-line collaboration with our prospective customers.  
Although these wouldn't be considered traditional e-commerce initiatives, 
they're examples of using the internet to create more value through better 
execution in our business.  

Do you want to start tracking these kinds of initiatives too?  There may be 
opportunities in other BU's to use similar applications or otherwise take 
advantage of our learning.

Mike






















Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination 
Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, 
therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know 
if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any 
additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of 
this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to 
direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues.

Thank you.

Mike McConnell






