

---------------------- Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 01/27/2000 02:21 PM 
---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		




























Just a friendly reminder and more detailed directions(attachment)...

Come any time you would like or if you can't make it, you can join us next 
year.
RSVP's are appreciated but not necessary.



---------------------- Forwarded by Monique Sanchez/HOU/ECT on 01/26/2000 
08:57 PM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


























This is special advanced notice for people who have kids or like to plan 
things in advance.  I'll resend out the week of the party.
********
You are all cordially invited to attend the following engagement.  Please 
bring friends and forward this to anyone I may have missed accidentally.

When: Saturday, January 29th-NEXT WEEKEND, not this Weekend.. no one will be 
there!

What:  6th annual John, Robert & Mo's Party (just 5th annual for me).  2kegs, 
assorted mixed beverages, and mystery snacks will be on hand.

Where: 6422 Wister Ln, 77008 713-869-6312, map below.
http://www.mapquest.com/cgi-bin/ia_find?link=ia-map-result&uid=u7o60vbdhc21l1z
j:a5hzz0uw2

Time: Whenever till Whenever.

Why:  Why not.

Here is a friendly disclaimer from one of our hosts:

You all know what this is about! Let's set aside this evening to hearken back 
to our younger days... when peer pressure was still cool. Experienced 
IDHAFR's can attest, this is no "Company Cocktail Buffet". IDHAFR newbies 
will just have to take our word for it. Last year I said, "we'll see what new 
lows we can achieve"... Little did I know!!!!!  Dolls in the freezer, RIVER 
DANCING... ON THE FURNITURE (picture my head held in shame). I will make no 
such prediction this year. I can't even promise that there will be a Man in 
Black. But I can promise you'll be sorry you missed it!

We hope this notice finds everyone in good health and spirits this new 
millennium (actually that's still a year away but...) So mark your calendar: 
(Out of town guests are surely welcome, sleeping (?) arrangements can always 
be found. Although I must say I didn't like having to share the space under 
the pool table in '96!)

You will probably have to park far away.  Neighbors are pretty friendly. 







