

Please draft up some language that can be added to this policy to satisfy 
Mike's concern.  Run it by me and we'll send it to Rod.  Thanks df  
---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 03/22/2001 
11:41 AM ---------------------------


I think one area that needs to be clarified is that many nonVPs believe that 
if they have the expenditure authority they can sign contracts in connection 
with the expenditure they are approving even in the absence of a power of 
attorney. I think we need the policy to clarify the difference between 
expenditure authority and execution authority. Our various company bylaws 
state that only VPs and above have authority to sign contracts and bind the 
company unless the President of the company delegates execution authority. 
Therefore we either need POAs or delegations of authority for execution 
authority below VP. This policy needs to clarify this point. I have sent this 
to Drew and we will work up some new additional language.

 
Steve; Kinningham, Laura; Lowry, Phil; McCarty, Danny; Meyer, Rockford; 
Moran, Michael P.; Prentice, James; Smith, Gary; White, Julia
Cc: Ackley, Earlene; Alder, Amelia; Armstrong, Julie; Hogan, Janice; Houser, 
Rita; Jolibois, Anne; Mann, Ruth; O'Neill, Virginia; Perry, Carolyn; Sellers, 
Emily; Stark, Cindy; Winters, Ricki

Please review and provide comments to myself and/or Lisa Sutton.

 
David; Cherry, Paul; Brassfield, Morris; Fenstad, Larry; Brasher, Barney; 
Clements, David; Concklin, Elaine; Chandler, Bob; Cobb, John; Wiederholt, 
Patricia; Fancler, Dan; Lev, Jennifer; Geaccone, Tracy; Gilbert, Steve; 
Keiser, John; Meers, Thomas; Barnes, Caroline; Stern, Ellis

FYI, based on comments received, attached is the draft which will be 
distributed to Stan's direct reports for comments. We plan to have the policy 
in place before the end of March.


 << File: etsapprovalpolicy.xls >> 
