

Sorry to hear that.  I hope everything goes well at work.  My company is crumbling.  It's pretty scary.  A combination of being too far out of downtown and too many trees meant that I couldn't get a good signal.  I ended up getting a cable modem.  I really didn't want to do that because I absolutely hate Time Warner.  And what do you know, they screwed up my first bill.

DG

 

Hey Darron,
I don't think I'm going to be able to make it down for the game.  My
department just went through a big lay off, everyone got let go but me,
so I'm pretty busy right now trying to make sure the transition goes ok.
I was thinking about trying to take some time off over the holidays,
making my way down to Dallas and LA.  If schedules work out, maybe we
could arrange a visit then.  I'm really sorry.  I was looking forward to
seeing you and the family, enjoy watching KU get beat really bad... but
the timing just really stinks.

How is you Broadband Direct service?

Kim Mayers
Sprint-NCO Broadband Marketing
Phone: (913) 762-4101
PCS: (913) 269-8197
Fax: (913) 762-0510






Are you still planning to come down?  I need to get a head count because
tickets are sometimes tough to come by.  Let me know.

DG


**********************************************************************
This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure
by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient
(or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender

delete all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments
hereto) are not intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not
create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between Enron
Corp. (or any of its affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other
party, and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by
estoppel or otherwise. Thank you.
**********************************************************************
