

well - the problem is that I have 2 dinners next week and one om the 17th - it's tough to leave pat at home with the baby that many nights -- but we'll see





I'm coming in on the 15th around 12:30pm and leaving at noon on the 17th.
Let me know if you have time for me (beyotch), just kidding.  I'm playing
golf on Monday and I'm sure I'll be at some broker party on Monday and
Tuesday nights - so if you can get out I would love for you to join me, if
not - that's cool.

I'm staying at the Hyatt, but you can always reach me on my cell:
918.688-4833

Scotty

----- Original Message -----


hey- got your voicemail - i'll definitely try to meet up with you when
you are in town.  i already have a ton of plans in the next couple of
weeks so i'm not sure how many more nights i can stay here late.  what
time are you leaving on the 17th?




Did you get my voicemail?


----- Original Message -----


hello - i left you a message on your cell phone a month ago - I thought
you decided that you didnt want to talk to me or something.  CALL ME --
713-853-3275.




Are you out there?



**********************************************************************
This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
and
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
reply

all
copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you.
**********************************************************************
