

I'm on a conf. call with Minnegasco from 8-10 Friday.  Please go forward 
without me and I'll circle back in later.  My view is that we need to look 
hard at a second expansion project, maybe jointly with Questar or someone 
else (Mojave?) that goes all the way to the market.  We may be semi-serious 
about the within-Cal. portion of the project, but it would be great potential 
leverage against the utilities and CPUC.  df     




Jeffery Fawcett
02/15/2001 09:09 AM



I'm OK with 8 o'clock, but the gang may have to put up with cell phone static 
and the occassional peeps out of my kids in the back seat (I'm off tomorrow 
and will be packing the kids up to head out about 7:45 a.m.).





Sent by: Jeff Dasovich



Greetings folks:
I have a meeting from 9-1 tomorrow that I must attend.  Any chance of doing 
at 8 am.  Apologies for the conflict.
Jeff



	Julie Armstrong
	02/15/2001 08:55 AM
		

		 		 
I have scheduled 9:30 Friday for a meeting with Danny.  The video conference 
rooms were booked.  How about having the meeting in Danny's office and we 
conference in Drew?  Please advise.




Jeffery Fawcett
02/14/2001 04:57 PM


Julie,
We had a great idea (but poor execution) to get together with Danny this 
morning.  Even though I'm going to be out on Friday, if Danny is available, 
could you block off about 30 minutes in the a.m. for Drew, Susan, Jeff 
Dasovich and myself to run an idea past him?  If Danny asks, let him know 
we're trying to weigh the merits of filing to build an expansion into the 
state of California.  Whether we ultimately build it or not isn't the issue 
as much as whether the threat of another pipeline could motivate the 
utilities and the CPUC to build additonal take-away capacity for TW 
shippers.  I think Steve Harris is out of town for the rest of the week.  If 
not, we'll certainly want to plug him in also.  Will you let me know in the 
a.m.?  Thanks.








