

Sue: Could you use your contacts with Edelman to get on the phone with Scott, 
Mark and Karen to jump start this thing?

Best,
Jeff




	02/21/2001 08:26 AM
		 























		 		 
The direct access coalition had a conference call today to discuss
strategy.

The Chamber, Retailers and the Manufacturers met with the Governor's
office and Senator Burton to discuss DA.  The Retailers and the
Manufacturers came away somewhat disenchanted.  There was little support
for DA, especially from Senator Burton, and the Governor's office was
unfocused.  The Chamber wasn't as pessimistic as the others because the
Governor's office was focused on other things and did not necessarily
shoot down DA.

As requested, I urged the group to utilize Edelman Public Relations who
is under contract to AREM.  The group as whole was very supportive.
There was some reluctance for fear of upsetting Senator Bowen and
Governor Davis.  Several members of the coalition, including the
Manufacturers, Retailers, Grocers and myself,  dismissed those fears and
took the tact that the time is now and we have little to lose given
recent statements by legislators and the administration.  Aaron Thomas
with AES agreed to contact AREM and Edelman to develop a strategy but I
think a call from Enron directly to AREM would be beneficial to speed
the process up.

The group is going to meet with DWR and continue their individual
lobbying efforts.  Their intent is to address the bonding and net short
fears raised by finance and DWR.  Enron had discussed hiring bond
counsel.  Has this occurred, and if so, should attend the DWR meeting?

The group is also going to meet with TURN to try and address their
core/non-core issues, if possible in order to try and get them on board
with the coalition proposal.




