

---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 09/26/2000 08:10 
AM ---------------------------



09/25/2000 07:37 PM




Lisa:

I don't have a problem with this to the extent Chris Calger has approved the 
expenditure which I would guess would be approximately $500k. If these guys 
are simply trying to execute a purchase option while they try to firm up 
their deal, they should probably do it as a stand alone agreement (since we 
don't need to involve WestLB in purchase options).

In any case, the key point here is Chris' approval of what is probably around 
a $500k expenditure (of course, the option should only be for around 10% of 
this amount). We don't need to worry about WestLB fees, etc., since this is 
an ENA (West) Originations prospective deal.

Regards,

Ben


   
	
	
		


Ben, given that they want to use the existing LM6000 contract for the GSU 
change order, I wanted to know if you were okay with this interaction with 
GE.  Also, by using the existing LM6000 contract, they will be using up 
capacity available for other LM6000 related equipment.  Are you okay with 
this, i.e., you believe there is capacity available for them, and any 
suggestions on how you would like to see them pay for the usage since the 
LM600s have already paid the upfront structuring fee and ongoing commitment 
fees.

Please call to discuss.
Lisa
---------------------- Forwarded by Lisa Bills/Corp/Enron on 09/25/2000 07:12 
PM ---------------------------



09/25/2000 06:22 PM



Hello Lisa
I wanted to contact you to let you know that we (ENA West) are attemtping to 
help the ENA San Francisco guys locate a Generator Step Up Transformer for 
the Pleasanton project.  ENA is responsible to bring an LM6000 and GSU to the 
project.  We cannot use one of the ABB transformers (Don Hammond checked with 
ABB, and the as built configuration simply cannot be used or changed to meet 
the needs of ENA SFO's application.  As such, we have had to go out and find 
a GSU.  The good news is we have found one through GE.  It will meet SFO's 
delivery schedule.  We have not received a quote, nor have we signed anything 
(but we want to ASAP).  In talking to Dale Rasmussen, I understand we would 
need to purchase this major component through a West LB structure.  GE 
prefers to sell us the GSU through ENA's existing contract with GE.  As such, 
I am asking what steps you (or Kay) would like us to take in setting up a 
purchase option (or whatever is the correct noun name for reserving, buying a 
needed GSU in a timely manner).

This e mail is meant to be a starting point in dialog.  Please contact me on 
Tuesday to discuss whatever is necessary.

Thanks.

Bill Williams
ENA Portland
503-464-8958





