

The DCMA states in 6.01 that notice can be given by the designee.  Karl 
thinks the notice must come from the DCM (ENA).  

Does it matter? I don't mind ENA giving the notice in this case, but I wanted 
to see what the team thinks.

Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/08/2001 10:40 
AM ---------------------------









To facilitate Enron's meeting the notice requirements under the Development 
and Construction Management Agreement, attached are our comments to just the 
draft notice of intent to purchase received on Friday. Our comments to the 
Assignment and Assumption and the Bill of Sale will follow shortly. 

I assume that the ABB transformer, together with a second LM 6000, will be 
going to CAED II? 

Regards, Karl Wiemer 

 <<enxt notice.PDF>> 




(See attached file: Purchase Option Notice(CAED I)rev1.doc)(See attached 
file: Assumption with GE ack(CAEDI)rev1.DOC)(See attached file: Bill of 
salerev1.DOC) 

Attached are drafts of the documents to effect the transfer of two GE 
turbines and one ABB transformer to CAED I and CAED II.? The dates and 
amounts are bracketed, as pending the determination of the closing date. We 
will need sets for both CAED I and CAED II, with II receiving the 
transformer.? These will be prepared with the forms are agreed. 

These documents are subject to internal Enron review, but in the interest of 
time I am sending the documents to everyone. 

Thank you, 

Kay ?<< File: Purchase Option Notice(CAED I)rev1.doc >>? << File: Assumption 
with GE ack(CAEDI)rev1.DOC >>? << File: Bill of salerev1.DOC >> 

This e-mail message may contain legally privileged and/or confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivery of this message to the intended recipient(s), 
you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of 
this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message 
in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete this e-mail message 
from your computer. 

 - enxt notice.PDF
