

I agree with MKM--I think we either said or at least implied in the options 
conf. and filings that ROFR cap. isn't posted as available until the ROFR is 
waived.  I think that approach is the logical way to handle postings and that 
we are pretty much locked into that approach.  On the commercial issue Rita 
mentions below, it seems to me that Elizabeth Brown has the commercial 
impacts backwards--the marketers have always told us they are able to 
negotiate higher rates if LESS CAPACITY is posted as available because of the 
appearance of scarcity.  On that logic, we should want to keep ROFR capacity 
off the EBB until the right is waived.  DF


   
	
	
		




My thoughts on that we just filed to state that ROFR capacity isn't posted as 
available.  Yet, this , as I understand it leads the market to think it is, 
and then when a market requests the service, we'll tell them it isn't 
available.  Seems to head us to bad customer relations and false impression 
on capacity available.  If its under contract, we shouldn't falsely advertise 
it as available in my opinion.   What are others thoughts?  MK


   
	
	
		



Mary Kay,  

Are up OK with this footnote idea instead of changing the capacity posting to 
reflect ROFR rights?




	Rita Bianchi
	01/22/2001 08:17 AM
	


According to Elizabeth Brown, TW Marketing does NOT want to change their 
Unsubscribed/General capacity posting to exclude ROFR.  They would prefer a 
footnote that capacity may be subject to ROFR.  As I understand it, TW 
Marketers feel that they  can negotiate better prices for capacity if it 
isn't widely known that the capacity is under ROFR.  Elizabeth suggested that 
they talk to Susan Scott.

I confirmed with Bob Johnson & Doug Aschwege that NNG's posting excludes 
capacity that is subject to ROFR.








