

please print.  also make a folder for enron india.  thanks.
---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 10/02/2000 
12:23 PM ---------------------------



09/29/2000 03:19 PM


Mike/Jeff:  you need to intervene on this at a higher level to make sure that 
we don't give up any important LNG rights when we selldown DPC
---------------------- Forwarded by Rick Bergsieker/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
09/29/2000 03:17 PM ---------------------------
   
	enron india
	
		





Clay, we've been banging this drum so long in India that we've broken all our 
drumsticks. We've always maintained that access to the Metgas terminal and 
storage and pipeline is key to any plans Enron has in the LNG business. 
Personally, I have always thought Enron should just finance and build the 
pipeline itself and then sell it once it becomes operational, maintaining 
access to the terminal and pipeline capacity. Glad to see you're on board, 
because we can use the help. 

But this is going to require some Enron commitment. To meet Enron's 
objectives (no debt consolidation, cash flow and earnings), the current 
selldowns being considered are to industry and related players who want their 
share of the upsides of the business. So giving Enron any preferred rights is 
going to be tough with these players.

Let's discuss next week in India. I have requested the Metgas meetings with 
the EGM LNG team be on Wednesday.





Clay Harris
09/29/2000 03:41 AM




One of the keys to growing the LNG business is access to LNG terminals and 
fuel supply opportunities. We should insure that the sell down of DPC and 
Metgas be structured such that Enron/EGM retain terminal rights and fuel 
supply rights at Dabhol, if appropriate. The Metgas terminal/regas rights 
under the TARA and EFI's fuel management/fuel supply rights under the Fuel 
Management Agreement need to stay with Enron/EGM. Lets discuss next week in 
Mumbai.

Clay





