

Cindy,

Hopefully the paper John Martin and I will work will become the
standard reference for this topic.

Vince



Good morning Vince,

Could you please provide with some guidance in relation to Mark's comments 
directly below.  I don't have any recollection of recent case studies that we 
could send Oddbjorn Tysnes - do you know of any?

I will send him a number of reprints of articles.  Please let me know if you 
have anything at your fingertips....

Regards,

Cindy


----- Forwarded by Cindy Derecskey/Corp/Enron on 10/30/2000 10:21 AM -----

	Mark Palmer
	10/30/2000 08:48 AM
		 

		 		 
I don't want to spend a lot of time right now, from this office, pursuing 
these opportunities.  But, if we have some case studies "on the shelf" we 
could send something to Oddbjorn.

Thanks, 

Mark
----- Forwarded by Mark Palmer/Corp/Enron on 10/30/2000 08:45 AM -----


	10/29/2000 01:36 PM
		 

		 

Dear Mark,

I want to thank you for two very interesting days and a very pleasant
evening in London at the European PR conference.

As you may remember from the session "Ideas Forum", I presented an idea of
introducing Enron's transformation from an "old" industry/energy company to
an innovative player in the "new" economy as a case study at the leading
Nordic business schools. I have later discussed the idea with Enron's head
of the Nordic region, Thor Lien. He agrees that this could be a good way of
raising the awareness of Enron in the Nordic business community. One reason
for this is that several professors of the Nordic business schools are
frequent speakers at business conferences, they are very often sought by
business reporters to give comments etc. If Enron becomes a "top of mind"
innovative company with these professors, it will help relation-building and
PR work towards the business community.

I understood from you that some US business schools have developed similar
(?) case studies on Enron. Do you or someone else in Enron have access to
such case studies? If so, would it be possible for you to send us copies? It
would be a great help for us.

Best regards,
Oddbjorn Tysnes



