

As you all are probably aware, we trade physical and financial products with 
Northern Illinois Gas Company under each of the following names:

1  Northern Illinois Gas Company (the legal incorporated entity)
2.  Nicor Gas Company (an assumed name for Northern Illinois Gas Company as 
reflected in the Assumed Name Certificate dated 12/15/99 filed with the 
Secretary of State of Illinois.  The name needs to match the Assumed Name 
Certificate, no "Co.")
3.  Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company

The EnronOnline counterparty has been set up as "Nicor Gas Company".

Pursuant to Bob Bruce's conversation with our Illinois outside counsel, we 
are comfortable transacting business in the State of Illinois under the 
assumed name "Nicor Gas Company".  In connection therewith, it is OK to set 
up the online entity as "Nicor Gas Company", and attach the relevant physical 
or financial products to the relevant master under each of the above 
counterparty names.  Further, it will be OK if the confirmations go out as 
"Nicor Gas Company" even though the masters may be under one of the above 
names.

PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, this should be considered an exception to the rule.  We 
do not want counterparties to be set up under assumed names, d/b/a's or 
divisions for EnronOnline.  As previously agreed with the Online team, every 
attempt should be made to incorporate the legal name as part of the 
counterparty name (such as "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas 
Company" or "Koch Industries, Inc. acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon 
Company Division").   Any exceptions to this should be run by Legal for 
approval.