

Karen,

Please provide a redline version of this document against the Fehr option, or 
whichever previous document you started with.  

Thanks,

Kay














 <<30FK203_.DOC>>
Kay, Fred, and Rusty:

Attached hereto please find the Draft Option to purchase for the
Titan-Schaeffer acquisition in Livingston County, Illinois for your review.
Per Rusty's and my conversation,  the option has 1) a $4000 option payment
for an 18 month term; 2) a $4000 renewal payment for an additional 18 month
term; 3) farm tenancy provisions to allow the Optionor to continue to farm
the land.  Please note we need to order preliminary title on the property to
confirm if the property is held solely by Mr. Schaeffer or if his wife or
other is also a fee holder.  Additionally, on page 7, please let me know
what cap, if any, we are willing to place on reimbursement for soil
preparation costs (we allowed $25 per acre on the Konicek option).  Please
feel free to call me with any questions or comments.  Thanks and talk with
you shortly.

Karen S. Way
Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolfe
203 N. LaSalle
Chicago, Illinois 60601

(ph) 312-368-2152
(fax) 312-630-6347





____________________________________________________________________________
The information contained in this communication may be confidential, is 
intended only for the use of the recipient named above, and may be legally 
privileged.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this 
communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please re-send this communication to 
the sender and delete the original message and any copy of it from your 
computer system.
Thank you.

For more information about Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolfe, please visit us at 
http://www.piperrudnick.com/
____________________________________________________________________________

 - 30FK203_.DOC

