

Shanna, we certainly can hire and manage him out if the performance is not 
there.  Do we not think he'll be a good performer?   Michelle






12/06/2000 09:47 PM

Michelle,

Don't know that this alternative would be too appealing to the candidate, but 
I can explore it with Mark.

What would happen if we hire him as an Enron employee, he has a mid year 
review that is not stellar, and then by September of next year we decide to 
terminate for non-performance?

Shanna




12/05/2000 11:29 PM


What about payrolling through an agency so that he is on a contract-to-hire 
basis?  That way, we can say that the intent is to hire, but that we are 
evaluating the situation before making a regular, full-time offer.  Customers 
understand contract-to-hire concept, so it may not raise "lack of commitment" 
jitters.

What do you think?

Michelle





12/05/2000 07:05 PM

Michelle,

Mark Tawney has a situation where he wants to hire a Manager level person in 
the Chicago office on a trial basis as a Marketer of Weather products.

This is a trial effort and if it fails, there would be no job for him in 
Houston or otherwise.  Mark is thinking that a 6-9 month evaluation period 
would be adequate to determine success.  How would you recommend that we 
structure an offer that gives us an out if the initiative fails.  We thought 
about hiring him as a contractor or consultant in order to minimize our 
commitment, but we're concerned that if our potential customers learn of his 
employment status, it may appear to our customers that we are not committed 
to the effort or the market.  Mark is willing to be completely above board 
with the candidate that this may or may not work.

My belief is that we are going to have more of this exact situation in EGM.  
Kevin McGowan is also looking for a Marketer for Coal.  The people they are 
targeting have sales backgrounds and would not be re-deployable in other 
parts of Enron.

My goal is to minimize our exposure on the front end!

Shanna







