

Ron: 
It looks like Jane has not received these questions.  Let me know where they 
are in terms of being answered.  Thanks!
Ben
---------------------- Forwarded by Benjamin Rogers/HOU/ECT on 10/30/2000 
12:01 PM ---------------------------










_______________________________________________________________

This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________

Thanks for the response.  We had previously received the response regarding
the SPCC plan issue but I had not seen the responses for the Lincoln
facility (although I had received Gleason last week).  Just to confirm what
is outstanding:  The questions relating to all facilities sent on 10/23,
the questions relating to Wheatland sent on 10/23, the questions relating
to LV Cogen I and II sent on 10/23, and the questions relating to the LV
Cogen I and II schedules sent on 10/25.  Please let me know if this is not
consistent with your understanding of what is outstanding.  Thanks.

P.S.  You had also indicated in your 10/25 email that the letter from TDEC
regarding the Subpart GG variance would be faxed to me.  To date, I have
not yet received it.  Thanks.





Extension:




Jane:
I believe we have already sent you the answers to these questions.  They
were sent to Tom Irwin.  Here are some of them again.  The rest of the
answers for the peakers will follow shortly - we are cleaning them up a
little.
Ben

(See attached file: Allegheny Question and Answers - All Facilities 3rd
Batch.doc)

(See attached file: Allegheny Question and Answers - Lincoln version2.doc)
(See attached file: Allegheny Question and Answers - All Facilities 3rd
Batch.doc)
(See attached file: Allegheny Question and Answers - Lincoln version2.doc)



 - Allegheny Question and Answers - All Facilities 3rd Batch.doc
 - Allegheny Question and Answers - Lincoln version2.doc
