

David, thanks for the people listing.

Wes, we need 1999 and 2000 (including CE) ESA income statements for each 
market in as much detail as possible.   Looking for un-necessary overheads 
and where the income brightspots lie.  We would probably need the ESA 2001 
budget (income, expense, cashflow and capital) for the trading/marketing/EES 
business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats.  A current 
balance sheet would be helpful as well.

I think it may be appropriate for both of you to join us.

You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help.

Regards
Delainey
---------------------- Forwarded by David W Delainey/HOU/ECT on 10/28/2000 
12:53 PM ---------------------------


David W Delainey
10/28/2000 12:54 PM

Jim,  what ever you think is appropriate.  As far as the weekend, lets just 
play it by ear.

At the meetings, I think it would be helpful to go through the following 
discussions/agenda:
 a) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows, grid, 
participants (bids and offers), assets, pool structures, regulatory and 
political environment, currency and credit challenges, supply and demand & 
historical prices and volumes;
 b) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation 
strategy;
 c) review ESA current book positions, market views, products and product 
development;
 and d) brief review of other S. American markets.

I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and 
any one else you think appropriate.

Let me know what I need to do otherwise.

Thanks

Regards
Delainey
---------------------- Forwarded by David W Delainey/HOU/ECT on 10/28/2000 
12:43 PM ---------------------------



10/24/2000 02:44 PM

I would suggest day one in Sao Paulo and day two and three in Rio.  I would 
also suggest the Cesar Park in Rio, better location, although Copacabana 
Palace is more famous and classy hotel.  Trip from Rio to Sao Paulo is like 
from Houston to Dallas, inconsequential, spend the first night in Sao Paulo, 
hotel next to the office, and second night in Rio, travel to Rio on Friday 
morning.  Dave, call to discuss or I'll call you, including what would you 
like to do on Saturday, sightseeing, golf, surfing, work?




I thought this Itinerary might be easier to read.  If you could send me the 
phone number to the Rio de Janeiro office, I would greatly appreciate it.

Also, Dave wanted to know if you could arrange transportation for them.  He 
wants to be sure that we arrange transportation with someone you know.

Thanks very much for your help and please feel free to call me with any 
questions (Kay 713-853-0643).






Regards,

Kay





