

Marc, I know of no relationship with this firm, but I will canvas the GCs and 
inform you of any relationship we discover.  Jim





12/07/2000 12:14 PM


Jim:  please see the attached, from Joe Halprin.  Does the Enron family have 
any relationships with the Klett Rooney law firm that we should bring to 
their attention?  In all events, please be aware that they are taking a 
particularly adverse position.  Thanks.  Marc
---------------------- Forwarded by Marc Manly/HOU/EES on 12/07/2000 01:09 PM 
---------------------------


Marc:  In connection with a dispute regarding a commercial arrangement 
between NewPower and Campus Dimensions, Inc. (also known as College Credit 
Card Corporation), Campus Dimensions, Inc. ("CDI") has engaged the law firm 
Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling - headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA - to 
represent them against NewPower.  Klett Rooney has conducted themselves in a 
fashion that I would consider to be particularly unreasonable.  I would like 
to know if Enron has a relationship with Klett Rooney or CDI. If they do, I 
would recommend that the firm be removed from further engagements. Thanks.

















Joe Halprin
The New Power Company
10 Glenville Street
Greenwich, CT 06831
p: 203-531-0400
f: 203-513-0404



CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This communication and any accompanying document(s) 
are confidential and privileged.  They are intended for the sole use of the 
addressee.  If you receive this transmission in error, you are advised that 
any disclosure, copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in 
reliance upon the communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received 
this communication in error, please contact the sender at the Internet 
address indicated or by telephone at (203) 531-0400. Thank you.


