

OH MY GOD!  I WAS WITH SOME GIRL!?!?!???! WHAT A DICK I AM TO GET OVER YOU SO 
FAST!"  
That is pretty funny.   You know what is funny about that is that I was 
pretty sure she would call and tell you that.  What a dork! You know what, I 
am starting to get sick too and it sucks because Burnsy is coming into town 
this weekend.   Anyway hopefully I will get better.  
Well, my good streak came to an end after a whopping one week when I found 
out that my grandma is in a comma and will only live another day or two and 
my dad is in the hospital again with a blod clot in his heart and will be 
there a week and maybe longer..  It is really hard to be sitting up here and 
not be with my family right now but I think and hope they understand. And I 
will be going down there next weekend to visit and apparently for my 
grandmothers funeral.  My mom is not doing well at all and I really wish I 
could be there for her.  She doesn't deal with loss very well.  
On a positive note it looks like i will probably start trading real time 
energy in the next few weeks. I am moving to that department and I am sooooo 
excited about it.  The only thing that sucks is that it is a lot like fire 
fighter hours in that you have to work night shifts.  It works three days on 
then three days off, three nights on three days off and then once a month you 
get six days in a row off.  So in a month you get a ton more days off but, 
you have to work some nights and some weekends which sucks.  That part will 
be sweet but I am not too excited about working the 6pm to 6am shift.  But it 
also entails a raise of $4500 due to the hours so all in all it should be a 
positive move.  Anyway how is everything with you?