

Ernie, this is what I think.  ENA sold CES gas delivered to the NIMO 
citygate.  I don't think we ever had supply behind the citygate like we did 
with Peoples and East Ohio.  Heidi probably did the imbalance trades because 
it was after the gas flow day and we were unable to do anything about it.

Comments, questions?

---------------------- Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 04/23/2001 05:48 
PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		




Ernie's on the team now.


---------------------- Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 04/23/2001 01:27 
PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		



Hi team.  Laurie has been asking for quite some time about an imbalance trade 
behind NIMO.  As you can see, I did my usual ignore it and maybe it will go 
away but its not working.  So,  this is what I need to know;

 Did Enron purcase gas (pool or local production) behind NIMO in Jan and Apr 
2000?
What CES activity do we have at NIMO for the months shown above?
 Do we have any out-of-balance items at NIMO for the months shown above?







04/19/2001 07:41 AM

Chris, have you gotten anywhere with this?  I really need to get this 
resolved.

Thank you
Laurie


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		



713-646-8453




04/02/2001 12:27 PM

It is a CES deal.  I have some support that Cindy faxed me.  What is your fax 
number and I'll send it to you.

Thanks for your help
Laurie


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		



I just left Cingy a message  - I said that I'm not aware of any imbalance 
trades that we intiated.  However, it could have been done by CES or EES.  I 
asked her to call me back.





04/02/2001 09:56 AM

Chris, I am still trying to get these imbalance trades resolved.  John Bieltz 
is no longer with Amereda Hess but Cindy Wernecke has been working this 
issue.  She can be reached at (703) 317-2293.  Can you please get back to me 
as soon as possible as they would like to resolve.

Thanks
Laurie
---------------------- Forwarded by Laurie Ellis/NA/Enron on 04/02/2001 09:53 
AM ---------------------------


Laurie Ellis
11/22/2000 01:03 PM


No, I still haven't gotten anywhere on this.  My contact at Amereda Hess 
(formerly Statoil) is John Bieltz.  His number is 703-317-2318 and his email 


Laurie




11/22/2000 12:48 PM


I'm sorry I have not responded sooner.  Any new developement on this?  To my 
knowledge, ENA has not done any imbalance trades.  Do you have a contact at 
Statoil?  I can call and try to get more info.  It could be some CES thing we 
were not aware of.






11/01/2000 02:55 PM

Chris, do you have any information on an imbalance trade with Statoil on CNG 
Niagara Mohawk for January and April 2000?  Statoil has been very patient 
awaiting payment on this, but I cannot seem to find anything.  Gloria 
Barkowsky suggested that I talk to you.  Thanks for your help.

Laurie Ellis

























