

You're right, we have not agreed to the final sentence with any of our other 
counterparties.  I doubt that the EOL people will let us do it (though we can 
always ask).  I have sometimes gotten counterparties comfortable with this 
issue by suggesting that the master user id and password should be held by 
someone in the back office, the control group or even the legal department so 
that when a trader leaves the master user can immediately shut them off.  It 
seems to me that this puts the risk and responsibility for dealing with 
rogues where it belongs - why should we be at risk if one of their traders 
decides to damage the company?  Having said that, I think that even without 
the last sentence requested we are probably in that position - if we have 
actually received the notice and request for termination of the password and 
don't do it, it would be very hard to defend if we kept doing trades and they 
can show they weren't authorized.



	Leslie Hansen
	07/20/2000 12:25 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Mark:

As I mentioned in my voice mail, Kennecott Coal Sales has requested the 
following modification to the ETA:

Section 6(a) shall be revised to provide that Enron shall use reasonable 
efforts to cancel CP's master user password and/or user IDs upon receipt of 
notice from CP.  Notwithstanding anything in Section 6(e) to the contrary, 
all such notices must be sent by certified mail to Enron at the following 
address:   [TO COME], or such other address as may be specified by Enron from 
time to time.  The notice shall be deemed effective five (5) days after its 
receipt by Enron.  After the effective date of the notice, the Counterparty 
shall have no liability to Enron for any Transaction initiated with the use 
of the master user password and/or user ID identified in the notice.

Please advise.

Leslie
