

---------------------- Forwarded by Mike Carson/Corp/Enron on 05/22/2000 
10:39 AM ---------------------------









---------------------- Forwarded by Marcus J Moreland/OR4/AEPIN on 05/22/2000
10:20 AM ---------------------------





"'Fine,











cc:



Dear Abby,
I am a sailor in the United States Coast Guard. My parents live in the suburb 
of
Philadelphia and one of my sisters, who lives in Bensonhurst is married to a
transvestite. My Father and Mother have recently been arrested for growing and
selling marijuana and are currently dependent on my other two sisters, who are
prostitutes in Jersey City. I have two brothers, one who is currently serving 
a
non-parole life sentence in Attica, for the rape & murder of a teenage boy in
1994, the other currently being held in the Wellington Remand Center on 
charges
of incest with his three children.
I have recently become engaged to marry a former Thai prostitute who lives in
the Bronx and indeed is still a part-time "working girl" in a brothel, 
however,
her time there is limited as she has recently been infected with an STD.  We
intend to marry as soon as possible and are currently looking into the
possibility of opening our own brothel, with my fiancee utilizing her 
knowledge
of the industry working as the manager.  I am hoping my two sisters would be
interested in joining our team.  Although I would prefer them not to 
prostitute
themselves, at least it would get them off the streets and, hopefully, the
heroin.
I love my fiancee and look forward to bringing her into the family, and of
course I want to be totally honest with her.  This is my dilemma:  Should I 
tell
her about my cousin who graduated from RICE University?

Signed, Worried about my reputation





