

John,

Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list.

Many Thanks,

Liz




John Chismar
05/09/2000 05:48 AM


















Crude  -  Rather quiet day on the physical front with one Oman deal reported 
@ -10.  Mkt still expecting Chinese to come in and buy Oman once the diffs 
get down to the mid teens. However, AG is getting cleaned up for June 
loaders.  Reported that CPC Taiwan mutually agreed with a seller (Statoil ) 
to cancel a early June loader of Oseberg that they had bought a couple of 
weeks ago.  They say they won't rebook it now that the strike is over. 
Paper -  FTB's were off early on the back of announcement that Norweigian 
strike was over.  Recovered later in the day on the Brent recovery. 


Gasoil : Once again, Singapore gasoil lagged behind crude and other products. 
June swap traded between 26.35 - 26.60 usd/bbl with East / West at - 10 
usd/mt (versus - 8 usd/mt yesterday). Front-to-back widened with June / July 
at 0.15 / 0.30 and June / Q3 also improved by 10 / 15 cents/bbl. Crack under 
pressure with Q3 at 2.90 / 3.20, a drop of 20 cents/bbl.  Three sellers this 
evening : Onyx , Shell and Marc Rich with the most aggressive offer at 27.0 
usd/bbl or MOPS + 0.50,  Caltex bid a cargo at 26.30 usd/bbl or MOPS + 0.20 
but no deal concluded. 

Jet / kerosene : Regrade being sell down with June at 1.85 / 2.00 and July at 
2.40 / 2.50 by the end of the day.  With limited outlets for the prompt jet, 
front-to-back will be forced to open up so that some barrels will go to the 
storage. Four sellers this evening (including three majors) - Caltex, Shell, 
BP and J Aron with the most aggressive offer at 28.30 usd/bbl, but still 
attract no buying interest.

fueloil-physical price tread lower as bp n hinleong test the mkt without 
bidding today n shell offer down to 153/mt.paper held yesterday nos thru the 
day at 143.5-144.25 june jul 138-139 jun/jul held at 5/5.5 crack widen 
further to 1.5/bbl for june n 1.9/bbl for jul negative.kepco tender to buy 
lsfo for june dlvry.physical mtk is tight thru may n early june for 180cst n 
will see the strength to surface later in the mth when the main players price 
in cargo totally.stay bullish on fo though temporary n time being looks soft.

