

---------------------- Forwarded by Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT on 03/31/2001 
09:52 AM ---------------------------







		
		www.erisk.com
		What's New at ERisk.com - 30 March 2001

	This week's ERisk  Essentials is supported by Enron Credit, providers of 
market-driven  credit information on thousands of companies worldwide. Enron 
Credit recently  released their new website at www.enroncredit.com.  The site 
now features a robust portfolio section that contains detailed  company 
profiles, credit cost indices, graphing capabilities and more.  For more 
information, visit www.enroncredit.com.  
	
Weekly
Review	This  week's economic, banking and P_insurance news, from an 
enterprise  risk management perspective. Read it here...
	
	
Analysis 	
	?  The Basle Committee's report on hedge funds: interesting reading for 
commercial  bankers?
	? Demand for captive insurers booms, but are owners and domiciles overlooking 
 their risks?
	? How good banks can stand out from the bad: telling shareholders  about risk 
management
	
Viewpoint	In  this month's CRO  Profile, Robert Nimmo, chief risk officer of 
First Union, talks  exclusively to ERisk's Duncan Wood about the challenges 
of risk managing  the bank's changing strategic direction - from managing 
asset quality to  controlling operational and business risks. Still 
available: Ian  Bremmer on why political scientists will join physicists on 
Wall Street
	
	
Feature	
	The  treatment of operational risk is one of the more controversial, and 
poorly  understood, elements of Basle's proposed revisions to the Capital 
Accord.  Penny Cagan of Zurich IC Squared explains  what the Basle Accord 
proposals mean for most banks, where there's room  for improvement and how to 
get started. Still available: How Wachovia,  Swiss Re New Markets and SEB use 
RAROC
	
iConference	Do  economic capital equations tie you in knots? Attend our 
iConference "Practical  Considerations in Measuring Economic Capital" on 
April 11. Read  more about it and register  for the iConference. 
	Access the slides and a summary of last week's Credit  Derivatives iConference

		
		
		
		Thousands  of risk managers read and respond to this message every week. 
Interested  in reaching them?
		
		____________________________________
		The ERisk  Essentials is published every Friday by ERisk.com. 
		To subscribe to this newsletter, please register on our website.  
		To unsubscribe, access your account. Your username  is the email address 
where you received this message.
		To be reminded of your password, or to reset it, follow this link. 
		

