

I'd like to schedule a time to meet with AFAC and Marcelo during the week of 
November 28 in Sao Paulo.  Let me know ASAP if you have a preferance.  I 
suggest we shoot for Tuesday (in case we have follow up issues).  Thanks.  
Sara
---------------------- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 11/05/99 10:46 
AM ---------------------------






"S?o Paulo, November 05, 1999

Dear Sara:

Thank you for your message below. We are at your disposal to meet with you 
during the week of November 28 on any of the days that you have suggested: 
November 30 - (Tuesday),
December 1 (Wednesday) or December 2 (Thursday).

Please inform which date is more appropriate for you.

Kind regards,

Marcelo Rodrigues"




Marcelo:  Have you had a chance to speak with AFAC about the week of November
28?  Please let me hear from you soon.  Regards.  Sara











"Dear Sara:

Thank you for your message below. Please note that AFAC is in a business trip 
in
Japan and will be back to Brazil in the beginning of next week. We will 
confirm
to you the scheduled dates referred to in your message below in the middle of
next week.

We look forward to receiving from you the list of remaining issues referred to
below.

Best regards,

Marcelo Rodrigues"




AFAC and Marcelo:  We are in the process of reviewing the Comparative Chart 
and
attached memorandum and will soon provide a list of remaining issues which 
Enron
North America and South America would like to have addressed.  We are also
attempting to identify specific types of transactions which may be required to
hedge Enron risk in Brazil before 12/31/99.  For planning purposes, the 
"group"
would like to meet with you in Sao Paulo during the week of November 28.   We
are hoping that you may be able to accomodate us on  November 30 (Tuesday),
December 1 (Wednesday) or December 2 (Thursday).  Please let us hear from you.
Regards.  Sara








