

---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 11/29/2000 10:28 
AM ---------------------------





   I'll e-mail Neil about the SS number--no rush--I'm changing some
end-of-year things and need it.  Please take some shopping time, and I look
forward to keeping Michael for the parties.  





I'll have to ask Neil for Michael's SS#.  I don't have it on me.

I know Neil's boss and his boss' boss will have parties.  I think one in on
the 16th and the other on the 30th (stupid day for a party).  Are those
good days for you? I just can't get interested in going to the Enron
parties - too many people.  We could really stand some shopping time (bah
humbug), also.

Kay








cc:

Subject:

           When you have a chance, please send me Michael's Social Security
number.

           I'll be glad when you and Neil start going to some Christmas
parties.

           Thanks.
          ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
and delete this email from your system.  Thank You




          ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
and delete this email from your system.  Thank You

