

I'd really appreciate your support on this.  It's a great opportunity for 
recruiting, and for you to meet some more pretty senior people in the 
world--but I forget, you know most of them already.....Jeff
---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 11/07/2000 
12:18 PM ---------------------------

Tom,
I am the commercial team lead for recruiting at Wharton and I'd like to 
invite you to speak on a panel at the Wharton Entrepreneurship Conference on 
Friday, December 1 in Philadelphia.  We are the platinum sponsors of the 
conference and really want to have a panelist like you, who exemplifies the 
innovation and entrepreneurial opportunities at Enron.  The timing of the 
panel is essential to recruiting - later that day candidates will be coming 
to Houston for Super Saturday.  The panel topic is Intrapreneurship, Being an 
Entrepreneur within a Corporation.  Other panelists include Dan Powers, 
Director of IBM Early Stage Internet
Technology along with someone from American Express' Strategy/Business 
Development side.  Jonathan Seelig, founder and Sr. VP Strategy of Akamai is 
the keynote speaker of the conference.  Speaking on the panel would entail 
flying up to Philadelphia on the afternoon of Thursday, Nov. 30 and attending 
the opening cocktail reception from 7-8:30pm.  They keynote address is from 
6-7pm, if you would like to attend that as well.  The panel itself is from 10 
- 11:15 am on Friday, December 1, so you could be back in Houston as early as 
4:45.  If you would like additional information, Their website is 
www.wec2000.net.  Could you please give me a call to let me know if you would 
be able to participate in the conference?

Regards,

Michele Nezi Marvin
Manager
Enron Broadband Ventures
(713)853-6848
