

I know, I know.  It's still weird to me.  While I thought it was great that Lisa was holding back on the physical side of this relationship early on...I'm beginning to wonder if she really likes him, or just likes having someone to talk to who will cater to her.  I mean, I'm all for prudence when it comes to the physical side of relationships, but after a month of constant contact and interaction I would have to question the fact I didn't feel compelled to completely jump the guy.  That's not to say I would, but I'd still have to question the lack of desire to do so.  I just don't get the impression that she is that attracted to him.  Seems more like "good buddy" to me.  I think she misses the Matt's, Alan's, Thatcher's, etc. that she got that from in the past.  

On the plus sides, he is a very happy person who loves to smile and is pleasant to be around.  I just get squeamish watching people cuddle so much.  I'm having flashbacks to sharing a room with Jen when Craigers was in the picture.  It's not a pleasant memory, trust me.  I do think it's weird that Lisa never wants me to leave their presence...they both questioned me when I took off to bed last night around 9:30...I just wanted out.

Sue


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  		




NO!  again, sue- you are giving lisa too much credit- assuming she is
capable of a motivation or thought that is BEYOND our comprehension!  the
truth is, you DO understand, just don't it to be the truth- it's a dark,
scary place to go!  basically, she wants to "show off"  what she HAS, and
yet again, PRAY you will be in full veg mode, looking as pitiful as, say, i
do rt now- on my couch, eating gummy bears- thoroughly enjoying my wasted
existance- so that she can further convince the oh-so-dimple mitch that he
"picked the RIGHT roomie!"  and i honest to god think she DOES think that
way.  or, perhaps, spending quality alone time w/ him would incenuate too
much of a relationship, and when she tries to "capture" the swiss boy's
affection (while cleverly using a visit w/ her good pal em as a
justification) she won't feel as bad- i mean, she and mitch WEREN'T that
close...at least, SHE wasn't.....no harm, no foul.  whoa.  should i be a
therapist, or what.  or be IN therapy- can channel people's "dark sides" so
easily, it MUST be a sign....must use my powers for good, must use my powers
for good....!
e


>>>>>
>He was over again last night.  Please explain to me why you would invite
>your "man" over to your apartment when you have a roommate and he lives
>alone.  I simply do not understand.  I took full advantage of the fact Ted
>lived alone...we never hung out at my apartment.  Where's the fun in that?
>I just think it's weird.
>
>Talk to you later,
>Sue
>

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com


