

I concur




	02/12/2001 09:32 AM
		
		 		 		 
Steve,

Actually, EOL and other units of Enron have declined to participate and 
specifically asked not to be included in the press release.  Confidentially, 
this is a case of a developer overselling use of the Enron name for 
approximately $5 million equity stake.  We have caught him in many half 
truths and are uncomfortable going too far with this since we might get be 
placed in an awkward position.  Because of EOL and our own concerns, we 
intentionally toned it down.  I believe, in fact, that it is just another 
platform as well as an investment.  Consequently, we would prefer to keep 
this to the minimum of allowing them to issue a press release as included in 
the contract.  Your concurrence would be appreciated.  I am available, if you 
wish to discuss this further.

John





Looks fine as far as it goes ... but don't we want to explain how this fits 
in to our strategy?  Is it just another platform for us to bring our products 
and prices to the market?  We have said with respect to EOL that the 
transaction is the goal not the platform.  Do we want to position this the 
same way?  Examples of other press releases include our extension of pricing 
on EOL to the two other platforms (including Houston Street) which we did a 
couple of months ago.




	02/09/2001 05:35 PM
		 


		 
Enron Global Markets (EGM) has entered into a cooperative agreement with 
Envera, a B2B network for the chemical and petrochemical industry.  As part 
of this agreement  EGM will receive an equity interest in Envera.  The 
contract allows Envera to issue a press release, subject to our approval.  
Attached for your review and comment is the proposed release.  This release 
has been heavily scrubbed.  It is significantly less exposure than in their 
initial proposals.  Your early approval would be appreciated.

John










