

Mike,

There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES. I shall forward 
the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management
effort.

Thanks for thinking about us.

Vince

P.S. Krishna, Osman,

Can you take a look at the attached resume? Steve has no finance background
but his engineering background is very strong.

Vince






02/17/2000 07:52 AM


Vince & Stinson,

I was given your names by Lynn Dunphy in recruiting and am taking the liberty 
of forwarding you the attached CV.  Steve Roeder is a former collegiate 
swimmer and currently coach of the master's swimming program in The Woodlands 
(my wife is president of the program).  He is also currently employed at Air 
Liquide USA (or one of its subsidiaries) over in the Galleria area.  As a 
consequence of Air Liquide's pending merger with BOC, Steve believes that 
there will be significant personnel reductions sometime during 2000 and is 
taking action now to try to locate his next professional challenge.

Lynn suggested there might be a fit with your group and I would be grateful 
if you could have a look and let me know whether you might be interested.  
Alternatively, if you don't see a fit (or are adequately staffed at the 
moment), I would be grateful for any suggestions you might have as to whom I 
might contact internally on Steve's behalf.

Many thanks in advance.


M.L. Miller
Vice President - Mergers & Acquisitions
CALME Region
(713) 345 5272 
---------------------- Forwarded by Michael Linn Miller/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
02/17/2000 07:49 AM ---------------------------








Mike- 
Thanks for taking the time to talk last evening.? I really appreciated it.? 
(By the way, how is life in the White House now that you are living with a 
President?? Is Air Force One all that it is cracked up to be?)

Please see the attached document.? By reading between the lines, hopefully 
one can see that, whereas my training has been highly technical, my desire to 
transform my career into the business side of a high-technology application 
is set in this good foundation (rather than limited by it).

Thanks again for your support. 

 <<STEVE.DOC>> 

Steve Roeder 
Technology Manager 
Air Liquide America 
713 624 8777 
713 624 8350 fax 


 - STEVE.DOC


