

Ravi,

Charlene wants the entire batch of potential summer intern resumes sent to 
her in one step.
I want to complete this by Friday. Catch me after lunch to talk about it.

Vince










Hi Vince, Paulo Oleira (one of the M.I.T attending our meeting on wed)'s 
research interest turned out to be a match for April Hodgeson (VP of content 
origination). I had him talk to April (Stinson was on the call as well) to 
discuss his research interest and what he would likely to do for April.  I 
suggested (and April agrees) that Paulo would intern with her and Matt and 
perform research on how end users (consumers and business) improved 
experience with ePowered content can be quantified.  This may include 
performing control experiments at M.I.T.  We decided not to over specify what 
he would do since it is likely to change as soon as he arrives.  I suggested 
once he starts, he will work with April and Matt Harris (VP enterprise 
origination) and they will define what the student needs to complete for the 
internship.  

Addiontionally, Tom Gros agrees that this type of research are needed and 
this is a great way to start.

I will proceed to have recruiting contact the student with an offer to start 
around May 22, 2000 unless someone tells me otherwise.

Regards,

Ravi.

P.S. Charlene, please include Paulo in your May 22, 2000 start group.  Paulo 
will report to me within EBS research group but will work on a day-to-day 
basis with April and Matt. As you've mentioned that compensation is somewhat 
fixed but please keep in mind that this person is a PhD candidate with very 
specialized skill set. Please contact Vince before extending an offer that 
may be too low, etc.  


----- Forwarded by Ravi Thuraisingham/Enron Communications on 02/17/00 09:27 
AM -----


	02/17/00 08:25 AM
		

		 
Celeste,

We need to make sure that the interns in Vince's group are coordinated and 
incorporated with the rest of the summer associates.  They should be offered 
the same starting dates, I believe they are May 22, 2000 June 5, 2000.  I am 
not sure about the June date.  Would you check and let Vince know.  They 
should also be offered the same starting salary package as the others.  They 
will be included in training (a few days) and any other events we host.
Thanks


