

Lorraine, I have no problem with Larry's proposed change or his reasons for 
the change.  However, I would ask that we eliminate the word "volumetric" as 
that has other connotations in the FERC tariff world.  I.e., if we were truly 
to have "volumetric" rates (like Northern) we'd have to file a whole new rate 
schedule!  I just don't want to use this word.  I don't think it's necessary 
in order to convey Larry's meaning.  Why don't we insert:  "on a daily basis  
only   to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized".  
If Larry wants to talk about it I'm happy to.  If he comes up with any more 
issues I am sending him to law school as punishment.  




Lorraine Lindberg
07/07/2000 09:49 AM


HELP!
---------------------- Forwarded by Lorraine Lindberg/ET&S/Enron on 
07/07/2000 09:50 AM ---------------------------







Lorraine, 
I have your revised letter.? There is only one thing that seems subject to 
possible questions about the intent.? Paragraph 3, last sentence.? I suggest 
it be revised as follows: 

".....and Transwestern's maximum rates shall apply on a daily, volumetric 
basis to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized." 

This would reflect how I read the Tariff provisions to apply.? As written 
now, someone could infer that ALL volumes go to max rates whenever ANY 
volumes are moved from/to an unspecified alternate point.? I am visualizing a 
nomination day with part of the volumes from Primary or one of these 
specified points and part of the volumes from some other unspecified 
alternate point. 

Then, just a general question.? Are any of these named alternates also 
delivery points, as well as receipt points?? Are there any delivery points in 
these areas that should be recognized? 

I will talk to you first thing in the morning. 
Thanks. 
Larry
 - llblack.vcf



