

Hi.

Sorry we missed rehearsal Sunday, but we are definitely still "transitioning." 

We will be out of town on Sunday morning at a family gathering and will not be in church to sing.  We will be at choir practice Sunday evening.

I'll look for March and April songs for the Cherubs.

The videotape of the Christmas program is cute.  Maybe we can find a time to watch it.







Hello, Ladies.

I will not be at choir rehearsal on Sunday.  Nancy has the music we will be
working on and will lead the rehearsal.

We sing at both services Sunday morning.  We are singing "We are the Light"
which we sang in September.   The choirs will sing together.   I will be at
both services.

Rehearsal went well on Sunday, but we were missing quite a few kids.  We
rehearsed "We are the Light".  They know it.   We rehearsed a song that
Nancy picked out for February - "Here is the Church".  I can't remember if
that's actually the name of it.    It is such a nice song, I think the
choirs should sing it together.  At one point, it goes . . . Here is the
church, here is the steeple, open the doors and see all the people.  There
are motions that go with that.    I think it would be cute if the Cherubs
sing that part alone and do the motions alone, at least the first time we
sing it in the song.

March is Palm Sunday.  Let's look for a cute song for the Cherubs to sing.
I think we'll re-use last year's song for the Sonshine Singers.

We need a song for April for each choir.   Steve mentioned he had a song
that he really liked, but I haven't seen it and don't know what type of
song it is.  We can take a look and see what we think.    We can look in
our books and find something for the Cherubs.

We started working on a song in the spring program that is to the tune of
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game."   We didn't get very far on it.  There are
a lot of songs to learn, and I'm shooting to have tapes ready by Sunday so
they can start listening to it.

I'm attaching a schedule.  The program date hasn't been confirmed.   I know
the confirmation class's mystery trip is that weekend.  I don't know
whether that will interfere or not.

(See attached file: Choir Schedule - Spring 2002.doc)

I've got three 4:00 - 6:00 rehearsals planned, but we may not need them.


Linda