



 

Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski
Managing Director
Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.

Dear Mr. Kaminski:

Due to recent events, CERA realizes that some clients may not be able to
attend CERAWeek 2002 this coming February in Houston, Texas.  In light
of this reality, I wanted to make sure you are aware of CERAWeek
Online--a new web-based service offering that CERA has developed to help
your organization realize increased value from the energy industry's
preeminent gathering of thought leaders and visionaries.

CERAWeek Online will deliver a comprehensive online experience of the
CERAWeek proceedings, featuring daily highlights and interviews with
speakers, live simulcasts of keynote and plenary sessions, on-demand
access to a wide variety of sessions, and online briefings by CERA
experts delivered via the web in an easy to use format.  Much of this
content is available only through CERAWeek Online.

To provide an experience that clients can share broadly across their
organization, we are offering this enhanced coverage via CERA.com on an
enterprise-wide basis only.  The fee for this Premium Level access is
$5,000 per client enterprise. In addition, we are offering a 20%
discount to organizations that enroll by Friday, December 31, 2001.

To enroll your organization, or to view a complete description and
sample clips of the CERAWeek Online deliverables, please visit
http://www.cera.com/mc?c=2804&p=1054 or contact me via telephone at +1

or considerations.

Regards,

Michael Banville
CERA Director

P.S. Enroll your organization by December 31, 2001 and receive a 20%
discount on Premium Level access.




*****************************************************************
Our relationship with you is very important to us.  Should you prefer
not to receive future e-mail notifications, please send a reply to
this message with "DoNotEmail" as the subject of your message.

*****************************************************************