

Jim,

I shall be glad to talk to them.

Vince





James L Bouillion
04/24/2001 01:43 PM

Vince, would you be agreeable to such a phone call, or would you prefer to 
designate someone in your group?
---------------------- Forwarded by James L Bouillion/HOU/ECT on 04/24/2001 
01:41 PM ---------------------------






Jim,

Thanks for the feed-back. To assist in the further development of the
product, are there any specific areas your group would like to see improved
? Based on comments made during our meeting, it sounded like your main
concern was whether or not CHARM would have the capacity to cover the very
different and complex risk areas that your company is involved in. Would
you mind if someone from our CHARM group called you or Mr. Kaminski for
some specific comments ?

Regards,

Bertil








cc:
bcc:




Bertil, I again wish to thank you for the presentation on the CHARM
product.  The response from the group is that the model requires more work
before Enron could consider it as a commercial product.  Please keep me
advised as I assume that you will continue to develop the model.




James L Bouillion
04/11/2001 06:50 AM

cc:

No word yet.  I will follow up with the attendees.

Thanks for taking thje time to make the presentation.





cc:



Jim,

Any feed-back on our meeting ? We certainly appreciated the opportunity and
the fact that the meeting was very interactive.

Regards,

Bertil



______________________________________________________________________
The information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and
may be privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy
this message, delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender
immediately.  You should not retain, copy or use this email for any
purpose, nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person.












______________________________________________________________________
The information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and
may be privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy
this message, delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender
immediately.  You should not retain, copy or use this email for any
purpose, nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person.




