

As you predicted.








George has confirmed that F&J is unwilling to act as escrow agent




I asked Fred to check into what it would take to have Enron set up a third
party escrow arrangement.

Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/22/2000 09:15
AM ---------------------------



12/22/2000 08:59 AM




I spoke with Mary Perkins in Treasury.  She indicated that we are currently
working with Chase Bank and City Bank for our third party escrow
Agreements.  Mary will forward Kay and I electronic copies of both of their
standard agreements.  The timeline for a standard agreement is at least 3
days and increases with the level of complexity of the Escrow Agreement's
terms & conditions.  The cost for either bank to set-up and administer the
escrow would be approximately $5-$10K, with additional cost if the
Agreement was overly complex.

Kay:  Call me to discuss our proposed Escrow Agreement T&C's and how a
draft form of this Agreement should be best incorporated into the
transaction documents.  At a minimum, we should attach it as a sample form
and have the Letter Agreement(s) contain "substantially in conformance
with" language.

Fred







                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.




