

----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 10/16/2000 09:45 AM -----


	10/16/2000 07:28 AM
		
		 		 		 
Last note from Kate and others invovled show that this company is either ENA 
or EEL, not EECC. I suspect Kate will be fixing her records to show that. 
Thanks to all and sundry.




	10/15/2000 09:06 AM
		

		 
Sorry Bob--too late, this case belongs to you. Seriously, I have asked Britt 
Davis to help me sort this out. He has been heading up the effort to 
(finally) get rid of this case




	10/09/2000 02:39 PM
		



		 
I think Richard Sanders is managing this litigation.  The other party is 
Interfert.  And John, trust me, since I managed this while at ECT (nka ENA), 
you don't want to give Richard any reason to transfer it to you (or to me).  
Its a pain.  Besides, I can't imagine that this would be under EECC, but the 
accounting boys never cease to amaze.



John Schwartzenburg
10/09/2000 01:58 PM





Yikes! Justin, if you folks are litigating a case involving this entity,  
then EECC needs to be aware of it, including myself as the GC and our 
litigation managers, Bob Williams and Gail Brownfeld. Can you please let me 
know what  the nature of  the case is, including it's status, and which Enron 
lawyers are handling it?

Kate, it might be that entity is just improperly shown as an EECC entity. 
Justin, can you tell us who the Enron commerical people involved with the 
case are?




10/09/2000 01:29 PM





Hello ther

I understand from Justin that this is ongoing and will not be finalised until 
outstanding litigation is resolved.  I understand that you guys in Houston 
are running this one?

Sue.




09/10/2000 16:06





	


John - I knew that this was tickling my memory and suddenly I remembered!  
Back in 1997 John Echols was appointed liquidator to continue the process of 
liquidating Enron Gas Liquids Europe S.A.R.L. (which I presume is the same 
entity to which you refer).  

By copy email I'm asking John Echols, Sue Kelly and Justin Boyd what happened 
to the liquidation proceedings.  Does the entity still exist and if not, how 
can we get copies of the liquidation evidence.

Thanks Kate

Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
FAX: (713) 646-8007





	10/02/2000 12:05 PM
		
		 		 		 
Hi, Kate. It surely can wait that long. 

By the wasy, we have another company that somehow has been allocated to us, 
Enron Gas Liquids, a French Company, that EECC was surprised to find it owns 
and has no use for, so we would like to liquidate it as well. Is that 
something your gang would handle as well, just to make sure that no other 
Enron entity needs it?




09/29/2000 05:06 PM



Hopefully this can wait until w/c 10/9 as Teresa and I will be out of the 
office until then.  Teresa will send out a dissolution memo to ensure that 
everybody is on the same page and then Corporate Legal will prepare the 
documents.  You don't have to do anything else! Thanks Kate

Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
FAX: (713) 646-8007




	Wyndel McNamara
	09/29/2000 03:26 PM
		 

		 
I have been instructed to dissolve the above listed domestic company.  Please 
tell me what I need to do to accomplish this task.

Thank you for your help in this matter,

Wyndi



















