

Put this meeting on my schedule.  Mark
----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 03/19/2001 03:27 PM -----


	03/19/2001 12:42 PM
		 
		 		 		 
FYI, more background.

JWVS
----- Forwarded by John Schwartzenburg/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 03/19/2001 12:42 
PM -----

	Keith Dodson & Ken Bean
	Sent by: Marilyn Oliver
	03/19/2001 11:49 AM
		 














		 		 
On Thursday afternoon, March 22, at 2:30PM in the Doubletree La Salle 
Ballroom, we will have an All Employee Meeting to discuss Enron Engineering 
and Operations Services (EEOS).  Mark Frevert and Dan Leff will join Brian 
Stanley, John Gillis, and the two of us for this discussion.  Led by Mark and 
Dan, we have been on a corporate journey to determine the best method to 
provide a resource base for the building , operating, and maintaining of our 
existing and planned major assets. The discussions evolved around two major 
issues. First,  most of the engineering and project management resources were 
concentrated in the former EE &CC, but operational resources were spread 
among several groups.  OEC provided operational support to some, but not all 
Enron assets.  Second, the clear need for both the engineering and 
operational resources was in Wholesale not Retail (EES).  There will be some 
need to help EES bridge into Industrial clients, but this need is minor 
compared to the requirements of Wholesale.  As a benefit of the time Mark and 
Dan plus other Executive Committee Members put into the decision  to form 
EEOS, we believe we are correctly positioned to effectively address Enron's 
major project needs.  Our Thursday meeting is an open forum to discuss these 
and other issues you might have with our new or perhaps more clearly defined 
position.  

We look forward to seeing you on Thursday.

Keith Dodson 
Chief Operating Officer - EEOS

Ken Bean
Vice President - Operational Energy Corp.

