



 

Vince, thanks for your update. I am sorry hear that the people in your group
will be affected as well.

Please keep me in the loop as you get time to work on your future
activities.

One of the areas where I would like to creat a new business line is in
Enterprise Cash flow analysis.

It will be a software (middleware) play that will link up with existing
financial tools to assess and manage cash delta to various exposures
(commodity price, volume, weather, interest rate & spread, FX, etc...).
There are plenty of tools out there claiming to do this but I don't think
they have the risk management and financial analysis background to build an
effective tool. Also, without consulting support going along with it the
client would not be able to assess the exposure.  It can provide reliability
analysis type of drill down from what can go wrong to simulation of down
grade events, etc...

The tool could be used to host a site where publically traded company's
financial information can be extracted out of EDGAR and Cash flow risk
indicator can be publihsed....

I am thinking that there must be a grant (matching based on a company
seeding this activity) that could be used to do the initial development. It
could come from SEC, AIMR, FAS, etc...  I know there are plenty of cash flow
at risk (CAR) and profit at risk (PAR) tools out there but I think I can
take that old concept and deliver the product that is useful and provides
relevant information.  The presentation of the software is as important as
its functionality.  Quicken came up with its product, which was not that new
but it worked and easy to use.....

The resources I am talking about is myself and a software programer to start
with and adding another junior analyst later.



Let me know if I am missing something here.


----- Original Message -----



Hi Ravi,

A quick update. I got your messages. Our old group will be dissolved next
Tuesday and I am extremely busy processing all the documents.

Nothing happened yet on the other side: I don't have time
to act on it.

I shall call you when we get through this ordeal.


Vince


**********************************************************************
This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate and
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply

copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you.
**********************************************************************