

---------------------- Forwarded by Scott Neal/HOU/ECT on 09/14/2000 05:33 =
PM=20
---------------------------



=20


,=20


=20



=20






,=20

,=20



m,=20









=20





,=20

=20



=20






Players, Parents and Family Members:

Saturday, September 16, 2000 it the Opening Season Celebration for SBMSA
Millennium Season 2000!  The day Kicks-off at 9:00 AM and will continue
all day with the last game starting around 4:30 PM.  This day promises to
be a fun filled event.

The Football League is very excited about showing off our upgraded
facility.  We have added new bleachers, picnic tables, flagpole,
landscaping, filming towers and a new concession stand with a bulletin
board.  In honor of this celebration, the league will be selling grilled
hamburgers, hotdogs, chips and cotton candy, as well as usual concessions.
Commemorative Millennium Season 2000 T-shirts will be on sale for $12.00.
These shirts will include both flag and tackle team names on the back.
Don=01,t be left out, get your T-shirt early.

Season Programs will be on sale for $3.00.  The program includes each team
=01,s roster listing the players=01, name, jersey number and school.  The
program will also have each team=01,s season schedule.  These programs will
be useful for the entire season.  To help defer the $3.00 price,
Fuddrucker's has included a 10% discount card with each program good
throughout the football season.  We also thank Diamond Kuts and Sports
Clips for their advertisements.

Players, now is your chance to get back at your coaches.  There will be
Dunking Booths with each Team=01,s coaches taking their turn to be your
target.  Come by for a chance to throw the football and send them under.
Your coaches will be in the Dunking Booths following your game.  Please
plan to stick around for an additional hour following your game.  This
will allow you to enjoy all of these activities as well as watching your
opponents play.

All proceeds from the days activities will be used exclusively for the
SBMSA Football Program.  Contact your Coaches if you have any questions.

Looking forward to the new season!


SBMSA Football Board


