

---------------------- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 07/28/99 
03:35 PM ---------------------------
   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
		

purchasers of Louisiana Resources Pipeline Limited Partnership, Louisiana Gas 
Pipeline Limited Partnership, Enron Storage Company and Louisiana Gas 
Marketing Company  

Other than Grynberg, the only active case that involves the above-named 
entities is the Enterprise Products case, in which Enron Storage Company is a 
defendant.  My understanding is that that case has settled, but the 
documentation is not yet complete.  We have recently settled the Reeves, 
Poirier and Fontenot cases in which Louisiana Resources was a defendant, and 
those matters are now closed.

Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks.






07/28/99 01:35 PM
purchasers of Louisiana Resources Pipeline Limited Partnership, Louisiana Gas 
Pipeline Limited Partnership, Enron Storage Company and Louisiana Gas 
Marketing Company

Please let me know of anything other than Grynberg
---------------------- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 07/28/99 
11:32 AM ---------------------------


Sandi M Braband
07/27/99 05:22 PM
purchasers of Louisiana Resources Pipeline Limited Partnership, Louisiana Gas 
Pipeline Limited Partnership, Enron Storage Company and Louisiana Gas 
Marketing Company

Richard,
As I mentioned in my phone mail message to you, we are compiling info on the 
above-referenced entities in connection with a due diligence request by a 
potential purchaser. The prospective purchaser has requested information on 
the entities' litigation, whether complete, existing or pending including any 
eminent domain proceedings and insurance litigation. Could you let me know as 
soon as possible if you can provide me that information. The goal is to have 
all requested information in the data room early next week . 

Thank you,
Sandi
ext. 35465





