

Here's that email....!
---------------------- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 09/23/99 11:39 AM 
---------------------------


Mark Elliott
09/22/99 09:38 AM

Tana,

As I know that you are a lady with a great passion for, and knowledge of, 
English history, I thought that I would share with you the attached e-mail 
which was obviously written by an Englishman of the old school.  Please 
recite it to yourself using your best BBC English accent. 

Enjoy!!

Yours ever so

Mark
---------------------- Forwarded by Mark Elliott/LON/ECT on 21/09/99 18:27 
---------------------------
   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
	21/09/99 11:27
	









"The information contained in this Internet e-mail message may constitute
price sensitive information as defined by the Insider Dealing provisions
within the Criminal Justice Act of 1993 ("the Act"). Any reliance on or
disclosure of this Internet e-mail by a recipient may constitute an
infringement of the provisions of the Act and may result in criminal
sanctions."
============================================================================
You'll like this, a lot.  It was written during WWII by the British
Ambasador to Moscow.....


>  <<moscow__1943.doc>>
============================================================================
"This message is intended only for the use of the recipient(s) to whom it is
addressed and contains information that is privileged and confidential. If
you are not the intended recipient, you may neither copy, distribute nor
disclose its content to any person or entity nor use it for any purpose.  If
you have received it in error, please notify us immediately by phoning 0171
799 2222 and delete the message from your computer systems.

Please note that the contents of this e-mail may be distorted or
misrepresented through encrypted transmission [and accordingly should not be
relied on save where confirmed by duly executed hard copy documentation].
This message has been checked for viruses but the recipient is strongly
advised to rescan the message before opening attachments or attached
executable files. The contents of this e-mail shall not be construed as an
offer or acceptance of an offer for the purposes of establishing any
contractual relationship save where confirmed by duly executed hard copy
documentation.

Nikko Principal Investments Limited is regulated by the Securities and
Futures Authority of the United Kingdom."



 - moscow__1943.doc


