

---------------------- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 05/09/2000 
10:36 AM ---------------------------






Dear Sara,

Thank you for recently visiting ShareBuilder and opening your new account!
I hope you're excited to put the benefits of ShareBuilder to work in your
investment portfolio.  Regular investing over time can help you build wealth
with the stocks you believe in.

With ShareBuilder, we have made it easy by setting no account or investment
minimums; you simply choose which stocks you want to invest in, how often
you would like to invest (weekly, monthly or on a one-time basis), and how
you would like to fund your account.

Investors have already begun to accumulate some of the biggest name stocks.
Below are the most popular companies chosen by thousands of ShareBuilders
over the last few weeks:

1. Cisco - CSCO
2. Microsoft - MSFT
3. America Online - AOL
4. Nasdaq-100 - QQQ
5. Wal-Mart - WMT
6. Intel - INTC
7. Home Depot - HD
8. Lucent - LU
9. Qualcomm - QCOM
10. General Electric - GE

While ShareBuilder does the work for you, it can't start a recurring
dollar-based investment plan until you create a ShareBuilder Plan and specify 
how
you want to fund your account.  I would like to encourage you to complete
your ShareBuilder Plan at http://www.sharebuilder.com!

Once you've completed your ShareBuilder Plan you only need to choose a
funding option to begin investing.  We offer three easy ways to fund your
ShareBuilder Plan: automatic transfers from your checking account, automatic
payroll deductions from your employer, or simply mail us a check.

If you have any questions along the way, please don't hesitate to contact

us directly at 1-888-NET-STOK between the hours of 6 AM and 6 PM Pacific
Time, Monday through Friday.

ShareBuilder makes so much sense as part of your long-term investment
strategy. Visit us at http://www.sharebuilder.com and start putting 
ShareBuilder
to work for you today!

Regards,

Jeff Seely
President & CEO
Netstock Investment Corporation

P.S. If you do not wish to continue to receive these updates, you may
unsubscribe by visiting the "Account" section of the ShareBuilder site, 
clicking
"Profile", choosing "Account Information", and unchecking the "I am willing
to receive emails" checkbox at the bottom of the page.

Netstock Investment Corporation is a registered broker-dealer and a member
of the NASD and SIPC.
