

---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/08/2001 06:35 
PM ---------------------------



01/08/2001 06:24 PM



Tomorrow AM is fine. 




01/08/2001 06:03 PM

Will he be there tonight, or shall we go for tomorrow am?

Kay




01/08/2001 06:01 PM



I called John Jones to give him a heads up. He requested that a full copy be 
deliverd directly to him as well. Please let me know if you want me or Fred 
to follow up on this.

Thanks,

Ben




01/08/2001 05:53 PM

The stuff is being delivered in accordance with the notice provision of the 
letter agreements, which means the  original goes to "President".  A copy is 
also being delivered to George, so he would be a good one to make 
distribution at Intergen.

Kay




01/08/2001 05:48 PM



Who at Intergen are the agreements being delivered to?






01/08/2001 05:35 PM

I had Ozzie sign it, and it has been sent to Carolyn.

Kay




01/08/2001 05:32 PM



I'm happy doing it, or Fred can sign.




01/08/2001 03:41 PM

Do you want to print, sign and fax, or shall I take to Janet or someone else 
to sign?

Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/08/2001 03:37 
PM ---------------------------







 <<2TCV01!.DOC>>
Kay:

Per your request, enclosed is a proposed letter to SEL enclosing the final
facility agreements.  I have included a "receipt acknowledged" signature in
the proposed letter, although I believe this is optional as long as our
courier, upon delivery, obtains a signature acknowledging receipt.  Please
advise of any comments.  Thank you.

Carolyn M. Campbell
King & Spalding
713-276-7307 (phone)
713-751-3280 (fax)


Enclosure: 131359v1




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.


 - 2TCV01!.DOC



















