

Can you find out if it was Johnny or Camille who sent me this resume, and for 
what group/job?



Jennifer Burns

12/13/2000 11:16 AM


FYI
---------------------- Forwarded by Jennifer Burns/HOU/ECT on 12/13/2000 
11:16 AM ---------------------------



12/13/2000 11:13 AM

Jennifer,

Please forward to Jeff.  I am unable to send him this email successfully.

Thanks,
Johnny

---------------------- Forwarded by Johnny Palmer/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
12/13/2000 11:14 AM ---------------------------


Johnny Palmer
12/13/2000 11:11 AM


Jeff,

I understand that you have visited with Pamela earlier this year.  I thought 
that Pamela may be able to add value within our organization.  Please advise.

Thanks,
Johnny
54017

---------------------- Forwarded by Camille Gerard/Corp/Enron on 11/30/2000 
09:32 AM ---------------------------







Dear Camille,
?
I appreciate any assistance or advice you could  give about?career 
opportunities at Enron.? Even though my experience  reside in Natural Gas, I 
am very interested in expanding my career into other  commodities.? I know 
that Enron leads the energy industry as far as  offering cutting edge 
products to the market place.
?
I have attached my resume?as we  discussed.
?
Also, I have provided some additional information  about my background below:
I am a highly successful sales and marketing  professional.? I have over nine 
years  experience and a proven track record in the Natural Gas Industry.? My  
experience ranges from marketing, origination,?running a desk and profit  
center in trading, market making, and management.? Most recently I ran a  
regional trading desk and profit center?at TXU Energy Trading.? My  
responsibilities included managing both a financial and physical trading  
book.? I made nine million dollars in marked-to-market profits over the  last 
three years.? My experience includes the trading?of financial  natural gas 
swaps, utilizing derivatives, and movement of physical gas.? I  have 
demonstrated performance as a competent trader and desk head.? In  addition, 
I have participated as part of the management team at TXU Energy  Trading for 
the last three years.??
With? electricity deregulation approaching,  TXU made the decision to 
redefine their business plan which included shutting  down the proprietary 
trading side of the business.? This meant the shutting  down of the Houston 
Office.??I?made the decision not to move to  Dallas. 
?

This is a changing time for the Natural Gas  Industry and I believe that the 
consolidation of companies or trading  organizations will continue to 
consolidate.? In addition, I believe the  market is more geared towards asset 
needs and  optimization.???My marketing and trading  experience resides in 
Natural Gas?in the east/gulf but feel that I could  apply my financial and 
physical trading/marketing skills?to any region or  commodity.??I am  very 
good at?developing strategy for trading or marketing utilizing  historical 
analysis and current trends.? I?very interested in  a?career opportunity 
utilizing my marketing, trading,?and  business-to-business expertise.? In 
addition, I think that my background  and accomplishments could definitely 
add value to the team at Enron.? I  believe there is a need for marketers and 
traders?that understand arbitrage  and asset optimization utilizing financial 
products. 
?
Once again, I appreciate your assistance and look  forward to talking to you 
soon.? 
?
Sincerely,
?
Pamela Anderson
?
713-662-3438
cell 713-898-8102
?

?
?
 - pam-resume-6.doc













