

Bob:

What is the view in general re arbitration of Brazilian companies?  Should we 
expect many objections to our new policy?  Don't get many objections in the 
US.

Mark




	04/02/2001 06:11 PM
		 

		 
Michelle, I did not speak with Jim or Rob about this, so I am assuming that 
you did.  I think it is a good policy, although I am still not as convinced 
as Sami is that the courts in Brazil will so cavalierly disregard 
international arbitration provisions. Nevertheless, I think it was necessary 
to change our policy from a commercial perspective; we were getting too much 
resistance to foreign arbitration.  Now the question is, do we go the next 
step and see if Jim will approve submitting to the jurisdiction of some 
courts in Brazil which are generally reliable and free of corruption (e.g., 
Sao Paulo and Rio) if the counterparty rejects arbitration, and the largest 
sum of money that would ever be in dispute would be less than $500,000?  I 
think we will face that soon, so we may as well raise it now.

 
Albuquerque, Joao Carlos; Rosenberg, David; Collonges, Remi
Cc: Sanders, Richard; Williams, Robert C.; Walls, Rob; Haedicke, Mark

FROM: MARK HAEDICKE & MICHELLE BLAINE

Effective immediately, trading contracts to be performed in Brazil between a 
Brazilian Enron entity and another Brazilian entity, may contain agreements 
for arbitration in Sao Paulo using the ICC administration and rules, to be 
conducted in the English language as a first choice or English & Portuguese 
as a second choice.  Attached is the rationale for this exception to the 
policy favoring foreign arbitration and a model clause.  Legal will continue 
to monitor how the Brazilian courts react to arbitration both foreign and 
domestic and reevaluate the policy in 2002.  Please call Michelle Blaine if 
you have any questions. 

 << File: Arbitration Agreement Terms for Enron-Brazil Agreements.doc >>  << 
File: Enron-Brazilian Model Arbitration Clause.doc >> 


