

Thanks for the thoughts.  We are getting through it.

Cameron actually wore his yellow rain slicker, his yellow rain shoes, and his red fireman's hat.  So, instead of rain boy, he was a fireman.  I must admit that he looked absolutely adorable!!

Your bash sounds like it was a lot of fun.  I wish I could get Trey to dress up, but he really isn't into that type of thing.  We went to the opera Sat. night -- Tanenhouser.  Wagner really is uptight, isn't he?  Still, I enjoyed it quite a bit -- escaped into the music.  I went to a gala last week for MD Anderson Cancer Center.  It was amazing.  Joan Lunden MC'd.  The Houston Symphony provided music.  Video from George W. Bush.  Speech by GHW Bush.  Entertainment by one of the Irish Tenors, Lyle Lovett, Dhianne Carroll (who had a costume change even though she sang only for 20 minutes!), a 300-person chior, all accompanied by the Houston Symphony.  It was quite the event.  Persons there included the former President Bush and Barbara, James Baker, Alan Simpson, lots of local celebs, and me and my brother  (one of these things is not like the other!).  Still, we had a great time.  So, not all gloom and doom around here.

Well, I'd better get back to it.

Michelle

 

Hope everything is going well, we've been watching the Enron stories in the
NY Times and thinking about you both. I have to admit that it makes me feel
better about  not understanding my 401K statements, the fact that analysts
could even get confused about financial reporting.

All is well here, we had a kick-ass Halloween party, Rich looked fantastic
as the Bride of Frankenstein (costume and make-up courtesy of me!), my
friend Kim took some great pics, I don't have copies yet but when I do I'll
send you one. Rich wore one of my bras and he put it and we put balloons in
it and I said, how's that?  Well, he said, it's tight and kinda itchs.
You're good then, that's how it feels - I told him. HA!

We joined SF carshare ( www.sfcarshare.org ) and used a car for the first
time this past weekend.  We used a little green new beetle to go hiking on
sunday morning. It was great. You pay per hour (2.50) and per mile .45.  I
don't think we will use it very often, the way our lives are we really don't
need a car very often, but it will come in handy once in while, and esp for
hiking during the winter - and we're hoping someone will need to picked up
at the airport or something.  And we really wanted to support SF CarShare to
make sure they survive.  They are non-profit.

Did Cameron wear his slicker for Halloween or did he get tired of it before
that?  Rich's step sister Liz wanted her son Bennet to be a cowboy and he
wanted to be a power ranger or something.  She got him the power ranger
costume and let him start wearing it a month before Halloween in the hope
that he would be sick of it by Halloween and consent to be a cowboy.  Not
sure what happened but it sounded like a good plan.....

Say hi to Trey and Cameron for me.

Love,
 cheryl





Cheryl Brinkman
McKesson
Sr.  Product Manager
Generic Rx

415-983-7501
415-732-2699 - Fax
Please note that the McKesson domain

@mckesson.com.  Please update your address files
for all McKesson employees.

Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

