

Jo Ann, what is the answer?  Michelle

 
Cc:	Murray, Julia; Sweet, Twanda


Thanks for the information, however I have a question for the 14
individuals in which we have "No record in SAP".   Do we know for certain
that these individuals where not employed with Enron , or is it that there
is no record of them in SAP HR.  Would a query out of the HR datawarehouse
tell us more information?

Thanks,
Kevin





                  com                                       Sent by:

                  om













**********************************************************************
This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you.
**********************************************************************
(See attached file: M Cash_Individuals.xls)

























*******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************


Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If
you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for
delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this
message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly
notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your
employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.
Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither
given nor endorsed by it.
 - M Cash_Individuals.xls 