

maybe you need to be a little clearer in how you can help him because of your 
close personal contacts.  Jeff




	02/15/2001 09:12 AM
		 
		 		 		 
fyi--this is what i got from eric!

Alhamd Alkhayat
ENRON CORP.
+1(713)853-0315

This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information 
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  If 
you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are 
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this 
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
----- Forwarded by Alhamd Alkhayat/NA/Enron on 02/15/2001 09:12 AM -----


	02/15/2001 05:50 AM
		

		 

Alhamd,

Thank you for your information and interest in this area.  Rick Bergsieker 
and Clay Harris are already in discussion with the Egyptian Energy Ministry 
for possible participation by Enron in a liquifaction project.  Please feel 
free to exchange ideas and thoughts with Rick and Clay directly.

However, in order to avoid creating any confusion with our Egyptian counter 
parts I strongly prefer to only have our current commercial team involved 
these discussions at this time.  

Regards,
Eric Gonzales




14/02/2001 18:59



14/02/2001 18:59
14/02/2001 18:59


Eric,

Hoping all is well,

Wanted to have a quick chat with you, when you are next in Houston, about the 
Egypt LNG opportunity.  I had a meeting with the minister and the deputy 
minister for technical affairs and both were intereseted in increased 
participation in the LNG field in Egypt.  They are interested in diverse 
off-takers, and are interested in investing in new facilities (EGPC would 
like to own 60% of such a new facility and local/Arab investors can be found 
for the remaining equity).  They know they don't know how to project finance 
such deals, and they know they need a strong international name as an (at 
least partial) off-take.  They alluded that the situation with Finosa, 
although progressing, is not as it appears in the press.

At any case, I believe we have enough elements to warrant a 
conversations--and I have good contacts in Egypt that could help push such a 
project forward.

Cheers'

Hamd

Alhamd Alkhayat
ENRON CORP.
+1(713)853-0315

This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information 
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  If 
you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are 
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this 
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.




