

You have correctly identified my financial advisor, although I figured this 
one out by myself.  I think I'll join the credit union!








So is there a down side to changing?

Your vm message sounded correct. You may want to run it by Heather to make
sure. NM






---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/07/2001 07:41
AM ---------------------------


 (Embedded
 image moved
 to file:       pic13357.pcx) 03/07/2001 06:21 AM






Sent by:  Enron Announcements


cc:


Electricity Deregulation is coming to Texas!
What a great way to start off the New Year ? to be able to choose your
electricity provider, which could mean potential savings for you and your
family on your electric bill.  As you know, Enron has been a leader in
lobbying for deregulation and a consumer's right to choose energy
providers.

For the first time in our state's history, 5 percent of Texas households
will have this golden opportunity.  The NewPower Company (NewPower), which
is approximately 45 percent owned by Enron, was recently formed to provide
energy and energy-related services to residential customers in deregulating
energy markets across America, including Texas.  For a limited time,
Houston-based employees will be eligible to participate in NewPower's pilot
program offering their deregulated electric service.

Be Among the First to Participate:
Enrollment with NewPower begins March 12.  Also, watch for a special Enron
Employees Exclusive offer on your desk March 12.  If you would like more
information about NewPower, visit the company's web site at
www.newpower.com

Disclaimers:
Any contract for goods or services that is entered into by an Enron
employee with respect to the NewPower program shall be solely between
NewPower and such employee.  Enron assumes no obligation on behalf of
NewPower and makes no representations, warranties, or guaranties with
respect to NewPower, or any goods or services offered or provided by
NewPower.




