

I don't know anything about the Daishowa transaction but have to wonder why 
this information could be relevant to much of anything not directly related 
to EnronOnline.  To the extent we can't avoid disclosing it, I would think 
that the traders in Calgary will know how many of them trade using the 
system.  If that doesn't work I would try Savita Puthigai (x31787) or David 
Forster (x31861) on the EnronOnline team.



	Peter Keohane
	03/16/2001 11:36 AM
		
		 		 		 
Chris, I think Mark is the person to ask, or Mark can refer you to the right 
commercial person.  I assume Investment Canada wants to know how many traders 
in Canada trade on EOL?  I also assume that this might in fact be a 
confidential matter that should not be disclosed and which should be 
irreleveant to an ICA application for the Daishowa transaction.  In any 
event, why is del Vecchio not dealing with this?





I have been asked to confirm this as it will form part of the Daishowa 
acquition Investment Canada Act filing.  I am advised that the filing will be 
confidential so I do not think it should be an issue.  Do you take any issue 
with this?  And if not, do you know who would know the answer?

Regards
CJG

----- Forwarded by Chris Gaffney/TOR/ECT on 03/16/2001 11:34 AM -----


	03/16/2001 10:55 AM
		 
		 		 		 

Approximately ____ employees of Enron Canada Corp. work as traders under the 
EnronOnline internet-based trading platform in the natural gas and 
electricity sectors.




-------------------
The information transmitted is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain confidential, proprietary and/or privileged material.  Any 
unauthorized review, distribution or other use of or the taking of any action 
in reliance upon this information is prohibited.  If you received this in 
error, please contact the sender and delete or destroy this message and any 
copies.





