

Comments from Enron Finance.


---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/31/2001 05:22 
PM ---------------------------


Kay and Catherine,  several comments jumped out from my quick review of the 
below for each of you.

Catherine and Kay:  What is the ENA Demand Note amount in 2(a) supposed to 
represent vs the Purchase Price in 2(d)?  Are the amounts correct?

Catherine:  Please confirm number in 9(a)(xviii).

Kay:  There seems to be a timing problem with several of ENA's reps in 9(a).  
Several state that the LLC has not engaged in any work/liabilities type stuff 
other than the Transaction which includes execution of the Turbine Contract.  
The Turbine Contract is an exhibit.  I assume it is the current contract 
which has been executed, through assignment, by E-Next Generation LLC. In 
9(a)(xvi), we say that we will have essentially "ownership" of the Turbine 
Contract "at closing".  This seems to also contradict the earlier reps on our 
execution of the Turbine Contract.  How could we make the first reps when our 
LLC didn't execute the Turbine Contract?

Thanks, Lisa

 

fyi
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/30/2001 11:45 
AM ---------------------------







 <<2XFLRED.DOC>>

Kay:

Enclosed for convenience is a blacklined draft from last night's version.
Thanks.

Carolyn

Enclosure: 136641vR7/6




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.


 - 2XFLRED.DOC


