

We don't have any regular on or off-peak deals for Sunday. In regard to 
sending index prices via e-mail, I think it will be a lot more efficient for 
everyone involved to do it this way. I only feel badly I didn't think of it 
before! I will begin e-mailing each morning starting tomorrow, and it's no 
problem for me to add counterparty's names to the spreadsheet - I just have 
to get in the habit of doing it.

Thanks again,
Kate









 Hello Kate, thank your so much for everything.  Me and Jennifer both
like email better than fax.  Therefore, you can start emailing to us from
now on.  About counter-party, we prefer to be on the report but if it takes
too much of your time then it is up to you to include it or not.  We need
conter-party's name when we confirm any kind of mismatch problem.  If you
include on the report, it save you from us calling you.  Otherwise, we have
to call you and ask for counter-party's name when we need to confirm any
transactions.  It is your call.
 Again, thank you and feel free to call me if you have any further
questions/concerns.
 Eric
 609-520-4683

P.S.  By the way, do you have any regular Firm On and Off Peak for Sunday?





The attached document contains the EPMI average prices for all delivery
points for Sun., March 25, and Mon., March 26. Please let me know if you
have any problems opening the document or reading it. The worksheet should
look identical to the fax I send each day. An additional worksheet shows a
detail of each deal volume and price. I'm in the habit of excluding the
counterparty names (to save time) because I'm the only one who looks at
this sheet normally; but if you'd like me to start e-mailing instead of
faxing the prices I will begin entering the counterparty names as well.

(See attached file: DJ Index 3-26.xls)(See attached file: DJ Index
3-25.xls)

Thanks,
Kate Symes
Trading Support
503-464-7486

