

Dear Neil,

Jeff asked me to let you know that he will be at Paul Hobby's open house this 
evening and hopes to see you there to discuss Genesis Park and Vitol.  In the 
event you two do not cross paths there, please let me know and we'll see what 
we can do to schedule a meeting before the end of the year.

Regards,
Sherri Sera
Assistant to Jeff Skilling
713.853.5984
713.646.8381 (fax)










Jeff, I've been meaning to corner you at one of the YPO functions to spend a
minute discussing a couple of topics.  First and foremost, I wanted to
introduce Genesis Park which is a "new economy" investment company that's
been recently founded here in Houston by Paul Hobby, Fred Lummis, Steve
Gibson, Peter Shaper, Bruce Herzog and myself.  Paul and I were hoping to
have an opportunity to spend 30 minutes with you in the next few weeks to
describe in person what we're all about.  And to be clear, we're not looking
for Enron money, we are raising money from private individuals.  We've
already met with Jay Fitzgerald and Steve Horn to establish the
Enron/Genesis business relationship.

I also wanted to get your views on Enron's approach to oil trading and
whether the Vitol Group presented an opportunity.  Frankly, I think Vitol is
an excellent acquisition target although the success they've enjoyed in the
last year or two will make it a bit more difficult.  They have an
unbelievable franchise, but they also have some fundamental weaknesses which
could be exploited to Enron's benefit.  I'm shooting in the dark here but
hopefully it's worth some discussion.

If you can free some time during this busy holiday period to meet, it would
be greatly appreciated.  Paul and I could come to your office, or possibly
you could come to our "offices" over on Hermann Park.  We're buying 17 acres
on Hermann Park adjacent to the Park Lane Towers which we plan to develop
into a technology park.  For the time being, we are officing in a high tech
shed on the property!

Please let me know.  Thanks/Neil.

