

---------------------- Forwarded by Susan M Scott/HOU/ECT on 03/30/2000 01:45 
PM ---------------------------



03/30/2000 01:11 PM

Susan,
 I find that you have a midly attractive sense of humor and a cynical side to 
you that separates you from the rest of the tribe.  Its funny you mentioned 
the Astros game.  I was actually thinking of inviting you (since I have two 
tickets to tonight's game and all) but you have turned me down so many times 
in the past I decided to go with a more conservative pick.  Anyhow, since I 
absolutely detest Woody's and all of my bold suggestions for other venues 
consistently gets dissed by the group's brain trust, please take me off of 
this distribution list.  Have a nice day.

Steve




03/30/2000 12:38 PM


















Oh wait, I can't go to the ball game because I couldn't take a day off from 
work to stand in the Enron lobby (or send my secretary to do it for me).  

For all of you who have managed to snag tickets for tonight's game 
congratulations and you suck.  For the rest of us stuck out in the cold I 
suggest the only viable alternative before us is to drown our sorrows in a 
cold bottle of beer (or two, or three...).  I realize the mass email has been 
MIA the last two weeks.  For some this may have been a welcomed relief.  For 
others there may have been some concern that they had been cut-off from the 
distribution.  At present no one has been removed from the distribution, but 
it is undergoing an audit.  Should it be determined that it is necessary to 
remove an individual from the list for any reason that individual will be 
notified and given an explanation.  If anyone would like to know the causes 
for expulsion you can write to:  I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYONE CARES IF THERE ON 
THIS DISTRIBUTION OR NOT BECAUSE THE ONLY PLACE WE SEEM TO GO IS WOODY'S 
EVERY THURSDAY BETWEEN 9:30 AND 10:00.

On that note, see you guys at Woody's tonight around 9:30 or 10:00.

