

Between 11-130; 215-400 today, almost anytime Friday, other than 2-3.




When will you not have conflict?




	05/16/2001 08:54 AM
		
		 		 		 
I have a conflict at 130. Rose has been reliable at showing up and 
participating, so I suggest that she be included, although it sounds like she 
'll be with John.

ckm





Yes. Let's do 1:30 for an internal call.  I'll get Suzanne to send out the 
dial-in instructions.  Let's make sure that the GE guys know NOT to call in.  
Thanks!.  I know that John Schwartzenburg will be late since he is 
TurboParking until 2 pm but let's proceed at 1:30.




	05/16/2001 07:15 AM
		


		 
Read your notes re scheduling a call w/ or w/o GE.  From John's and my 
perspective, it seems that we should first have an internal call re the 
consolidation of our assignments from weeks past  into Peter's draft contract 
and then send to GE for their review and follow up call either later this 
week or next.  Steve Swift is OK with this approach.  

At the moment we seem to be knee deep w/GE and Owner on Arcos and suspect 
that 9:30 CST (3:30 London time) will be difficult for us to call in.  
Instead, 1:30 CST would work better for us.  

If this works for the Houston gang could you let us know soonest and we will 
let Mike and Steve know as well.






	05/15/2001 04:18 PM
		

		 
Would you all be in a posiotion to get together tomorrow morning at 9:30 am 
Houston time to review the issues list and  talk about how we get to the end 
of this process with GE.  We immediately need to start the drafting of the 
Longview turbine contract and I'd like to see if we are close enough to get 
that started.  Scott, today the extension to the Agreement in Principle 
expires and we need to extend.  Can you tee this up with Steve Swift?  Our 
meeting tomorrow will be in lieu of the regularly scheduled GE call.  I'll 
let them know we will call them later this week or we'll talk next Wednesday, 
but I would like to get through whatever we need to in order to get the 
Longview Turbine Contract going.  
I've talked to John Schwartzenburg about this and he is available tomorrow 
morning.










