

How about 100?


   
	
	
		



Kay

When are you available today to get together and call Ben about the Blue Dog 
invoices?  As far as I know, Ben's only conflict today is a meeting from 2-3 
(Houston time), and I can come up to your office any time.

Also, an attorney from King & Spalding (I believe she said her name was 
Marisa Rudder?) left a message for me last night asking about the status of 
the original closing documents for the Blue Dog/Northwestern transaction.  Do 
you know where these are?

Thanks,
Rebecca
x57968
---------------------- Forwarded by Rebecca Walker/NA/Enron on 05/11/2001 
08:44 AM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		




Rebecca:

Please coordinate a time with Kay that will work. I will be in CA and will 
join by phone.

Thanks,

Ben
---------------------- Forwarded by Ben Jacoby/HOU/ECT on 05/10/2001 07:29 PM 
---------------------------



05/10/2001 08:29 AM

Looks like Friday will work.


   
	
	
		




Before we send anything other than the "thank you" e-mail I sent to Jeff, and 
before we have any conversations with GE on this point, we need to seek Kay's 
guidance based on her read of the contract and the issues Jeff raised in his 
letter.

Kay - will you have some time to talk about this Friday?

Regards,

Ben


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


Ben

The way we actually paid the invoices changed slightly after Chris had sent 
the letter to GE.  We deducted the LD's and the retention amount from the 
April 25th invoice (since the May invoice was not due until May 25th).

On May 8th, a wire totalling $1,671,039 was sent to GE -- this represented 
$469,000 for the c/o #2 invoice and $1,202,039 for the April 25th invoice 
less the LD's and retention.

To respond to Jeff Darst's letter, we can say that we are planning on paying 
the May 25th invoice in full (assuming we're not planning on deducting 
additional LD's for May 8-May 25).  

We just need to clarify with Jeff that both the LD and the retention were 
deducted from the April invoice, and then we can deal with resolving the 
issues he discusses in his letter.

Regards,
Rebecca
---------------------- Forwarded by Rebecca Walker/NA/Enron on 05/09/2001 
01:22 PM ---------------------------







Chris,

Please see attached letter, original to follow via FedEx.

 <<Microsoft Word - BDM002.pdf>>
 <<Microsoft Word - BDM002.pdf>>

 - Microsoft Word - BDM002.pdf
 - Microsoft Word - BDM002.pdf











