

Yes, go ahead and remove it.  Mark



	Tim Belden
	11/22/2000 12:50 PM
		
		 		 		 
sounds fine to me.  by the way, did you do any more thinking on whether i can 
remove the taping on one of my lines???



I am very interested in Steve and think we could use him in addition to 
Shari.  The only problem is that I agreed that I would not try to recruit him 
so the firm would agree to let us second him.  We just need to proceed slowly 
with him and hopefully it will work out to our benefit.

Regards,

Mark



	Tim Belden
	11/17/2000 12:05 PM
		 
		 		 		 
By the way, I spoke to Chris Foster and Greg Wolfe about the relative merits 
of Steve Hall and Shari Stack.  Their thinking was that Steve is probably a 
better "deep thinker" (to use Elizabeth's words) but that he might be bored 
with the routine transaction work that Shari seems to really enjoy.  He also 
doesn't have the ISDA background which would provide tremendous benefit to 
us.  Therefore, I think Shari is a better fit for our current needs.  

Having said that, I am extremely impressed with Steve.  He has a better 
handle on this California work than anyone I've worked with yet.  He seems 
really bright and responsive.  I talked to him last week about working for 
Enron and he seemed interested.  I didn't get into any details about our 
needs, but gauged his general level of interest in the work that he is doing 
for us and his willingness to consider jobs other than his current one.  He 
basically said that he would be happy to hear about opportunities here.  I 
was talking to Richard Sanders yesterday and he also is impressed with Steve 
and said that he had considered trying to hire him.  I don't know if there is 
a position for Steve or not.  I just wanted to give you feedback on my 
discussions with him.  Let me know if you need any help or information from 
me on this matter.

Regards,
Tim





