

FYI.  What do you think?  
----- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 01/29/2001 12:39 PM -----


	01/29/2001 06:31 AM
		 
		 		 		 

	


Jeff:
I believe you are aware the MetGas project has been suspended indefinitely, 
primarily due to the negative impact and uncertainty caused by the problems 
Dabhol Power is currently experiencing.  Enron  has suspended work to close 
project financing and we have significantly reduced the MetGas staff.  The 
Team will focus on completing the acquisition of all major permits and 
clearances over the next few weeks.  The go forward plan is to either package 
MetGas "as is" and sell it off or use it as leverage in the negotiation of 
the DPC workout with the Indian government.  

I will be relocating from India back to Houston  in the near future.  In 
anticipation of this relocation I am exploring possible job opportunities 
within the Enron family of companies.  

I believe I can add value to your team's efforts in developing the LNG 
projects in both Venezuela and the Bahamas.  I have experience related to 
both projects and I can hit the ground running.   In addition, I bring prior 
ECT experience and success as a deal maker / originator, extensive experience 
in LNG including the development of production facilities, regasification and 
related harbour facilities and experience negotiating LNG Sale & Purchase 
Agreements as both a buyer or seller. Coupled to this experience is my 
knowledge of what it takes to structure assets and the pertinent commercial 
documents such that the asset can be project financed.  I am confident I can 
be of help and add value to your Western hemisphere LNG Team.

I would appreciate you taking the time to review my resume and keeping me in 
mind when looking to fill any current or future positions. 


Thanks...

  