

	I am concerned we will have/or should have some of the frank discussions we have
	with AA setting in the room.  Is there anyway we could have a rooster everyone signs
	to show we attended if that is all they are concerned about?  Just a thought.  I can
	live with either decision, but I want to prep my people before the meeting if AA
	attends.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Please read the note below from Tony Jackson from Arthur Andersen to me requesting to attend our monthly customer accounts meeting.  What are your thoughts on AA attending these meetings?


 


In the past, we have been somewhat hesitant to provide you with total "open access" to our monthly customer accounts meeting due to the frankness of our discussions related to ongoing issues related to outstanding accounts receivables, imbalances and potential financial exposure items.  I can appreciate your desire to understand management's role in reviewing and monitoring the controls that this meeting and the detailed status reports provide and would like to help you gain confidence in our process. 

You mentioned that you would be "observing the process and not the content".  I would like to discuss this in more detail with you due to the sensitivity of the customer information being discussed.
  
I will talk this over with Shelley.  Our next meeting is August 30th so I will get back with you soon.

Rick
 


Rick,

Several of the monitoring reports that we use as a part of our internal
controls testing (i.e., A/R status report prepared by Alice, material PPAs,
etc.) are reviewed by management at the monthly customer accounts meeting.
Testing management's review of these reports is a key monitoring control
that we are attempting to obtain evidence of.  Due to the fact that there
is not a formal "sign-off" on these reports by Shelley, yourself, etc., we
need to obtain another form of evidence that they are being reviewed.  One
way to do this is for one of our people to sit in on a couple of the
meetings and observe the process.  Additionally, we would also need the
reports themselves in the form of copies of the packet used during the
meeting (I think Alice was going to talk to you about this).

Being able to observe these meetings would allow us to get comfortable that
the specific reports are being reviewed by management, and would alleviate
any need to perform detailed substantive testing on the reports themselves.
That testing could be fairly labor-intensive on both sides.

Realizing there may be a confidentiality/sensitivity issue related to the
content of the meeting, I want to ensure you that we would only be there to
observe the process and not analyze the content.

Please let me or Heather know your thoughts on this and whether or not
someone from our group would be able to attend the next meeting to be held
and probably one more after that.  Thanks Rick.

Tony
x56593
*******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************


Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If
you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for
delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this
message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly
notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your
employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.
Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither
given nor endorsed by it.