

Pat, I think this isolates the employment-related comments for the Brooklyn Navy Yard transaction.  Your comments would be appreciated.  Thanks.  MHC

 
Cc:	Davis, Angela

Michelle,  Attached is a rider we intend to insert into the stock
purchase agreement for the Brooklyn Navy Yard transaction.  I think
Angela Davis may have already talked to you about this transaction.  We
just found out yesterday that the company we are buying, which is a
subsidiary of Edison Mission Energy, has three or four employees.  We
and the seller had previously thought that they were employees of the
parent, not of the subsidiary that we are buying.  Please let me know if
you have any comments to these sections.  I will be in New York on
Monday working through the final changes to the agreement with David
Marks, Bill Keeney, Angela Davis and Stuart Zisman from Enron and the
seller and their counsel.  If you respond to this e-mail, I will pick it
up with my Blackberry, so that will probably be the best way to get in
touch with us.  Thanks, and sorry for the late notice.

Regards,
Mark Young
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
713-220-4323

The information contained in this email message is legally privileged
and confidential information intended only for the use of the
recipient(s) named above.  If the reader of this email is not an
intended recipient, you have received this email in error and any
review, dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender
immediately by return email and permanently delete the copy you
received.

 <<BNY Rider.doc>> 
 - BNY Rider.doc 